FAT KEILY

Chapter 1:

"I'm here."
After reading the text, I put my cell phone inside the jeans pocket and gulped down the remaining cereal. Collecting my bag and wiping my hands on jeans, I stormed toward the front door.
"Mom, Addison's here!" I yelled back at the kitchen."I'm leaving. Bye!"
"Good luck on your first day!" I heard mom shout back as I closed the door behind me.
Addison, my cousin, was waiting for me inside the car. Her mahogany skin shining beautifully under the sunlight, and curly brown hair tamed down in a high ponytail. I tucked my shirt down a little bit making sure my belly was covered. Shirt that I wore today was longer than usual, yet it didn't hurt to check twice that it covered what it needed to cover.
"Hey," Addison greeted when I sat down at passenger's.
"Hi."
"So are you excited? Today's your first day," she chirped and started the engine, "you're going to be the new girl Keily."
"You're talking as if I'm in some teen show, where hot guys are going to jump at me and cheerleaders will claw me." I giggled, her good morning vibes rubbing on me.
"Hey! My girls won't claw, they'll punch." Addison smirked.
"Oh, if that's the case remind me to clip my nails and join boxing lessons," I joked back.
Our back and forth helped me calm down my jittery nerves. Today was going to be my first day at Jenkins High. All 18 years of my life were spent in suburbs of Remington, so moving here and starting last year of my high school in a completely new town was, least to say, overwhelming.
Moving wasn't really in our plan, but when mom's company decided to open their new branch here and asked her to be the project manager, refusing wasn't an option. Bradford was mom's hometown, where she had grown up and spent 21 years of her life. Plus, it was a good hike in her pay. My dad didn't mind either, to be honest he wouldn't mind if you moved him to another corner of the world. He was a freelance software and website designer, moving for him wasn't a big deal.
But it was for me...
I didn't want to leave the comfort of known place and familiar people (even if those people were quite harsh) behind. It was supposed to happen a year later when I moved to college, not now.
We had arrived here as soon as my school year ended, so I got almost two months of preparing and strolling around this town before joining Jenkins.
Addison, my mom's brother's daughter, had been a great tour guide and a really good friend (or cousin). Thanks to her, my dislike for this whole ordeal of uprooting our lives went down a notch. We hit it off right at the beginning for our love of anime and Taylor Swift. She was a really fun person and easy to be around with. She had introduced me to couple of her friends too, making this loner feel very welcomed.
She even promised me rides to school since her house was only a few blocks away from mine. My theory was she felt compelled to do so because I was her cousin, however I also couldn't refuse. Hitching a ride from my cousin felt more appealing than to shoving my body in small seats of bus and receiving condescending looks and jibes from other teenagers every morning.
I had a fair share of them in Remington.
"We're here." Addison honked, dispersing the crowd around the parking lot, making way to a spot.
I looked at the big building standing high in front of us, a heavy feeling pressing down on my shoulders. My nerves hit back with full force.
"Welcome to your new hellhole, missy," my cousin teased. She got out and I followed like a lost puppy (a very big puppy). Once again I pulled down my shirt, feeling uneasy walking right next to Addison.
My cousin was not only in cheer-leading team but also in track, one of their best sprinters, according to her friends. It was no wonder she had a body that every woman craved for. She was lean, yet beautifully curvy and muscular, only a couple of inches short of six feet. Dressed in a skinny jeans and a crop top, giving only a hint of her sculpted belly, she looked as if she had walked straight out of a fashion magazine.
I, on the other hand, barely reaching her shoulder, had big belly, flabby arms and trunks for legs. Only assets worth considering okay were probably my breasts and hips. But sometimes even they were a bother when shopping for clothes. Today I was clothed in a flowy top - to hide my flab - and black jeggings. Even though I considered these to be my best casual clothes, next to Addison I felt under-dressed, also very badly in shape.
Look at her, she was gorgeous.
"You got your schedule, map, and locker code right?" She asked, as we reached stairs leading to open doors of hellhole.
"Yeah, I got them on Saturday. You don't have to babysit me, no matter what my mom told you." We entered the hallways, and immediately I was surrounded by the familiar bustle of high school.
Addison pouted. "Keily, I'm not with you because your mom or my dad told me to. I really liked spending my break with you. I officially consider you more of a friend than cousin." That made me feel guilty for my jibe.
"I'm sorry. I just don't want to trouble you. You're already giving me ride to school, I don't want to be a burden."
"What are friends for if not to be a burden on you?" Addison quipped, making me smile. She is perfect.
"Now that you're saying it like that, I can see the point." I replied, unable to keep up with her witty remarks.
"Speaking of burdens, let me introduce you to some." She started walking toward the group of girls, all of them skinny, pretty, and tall. One look and anyone could tell I didn't belong in that crowd.
I mentally reprimanded myself at my thoughts and choked down those gnawing insecurities. If not for Addison, I'd a complete loner here. I should be grateful that I wouldn't be spending my first day awkwardly trudging around this big premise.
So, with a excited smile I followed Addison, letting her be my mentor.
******
"How's all of your first day going?" Our teacher asked. This was today's third class.
A collective groan was his answer with some 'boring' and 'fine' in-between. Obviously, these students didn't share his enthusiasm.
"Is it in your job description to be always this angsty?" He sighed, and began writing on board. 'Joseph Crones'. "To any new students here," his gaze lingered on me for a tad longer, "I'm Joseph Crones. You can call me Mr. Crones."
I nodded when he looked at me again. Am I the only new one in this class?
"Since it's our first day of English, why don't we-" he was cut off when the classroom door opened.
A boy walked in and handed a slip to Mr. Crones. I couldn't help but study his features. He was tall, easily over six feet, and built like an athlete. By the bulging muscles of his arm you could easily figure out rest of his physique was just as sturdy and muscular.
His eyes fell on me, and I realized I was checking him out. I immediately looked down, my face becoming flushed. I hated how my face easily showed my embarrassment, turning red at any given opportunity.
"Mr. Haynes tell the coach to either let you go early or keep you at the field with him," Mr. Crones reprimanded Haynes.
"Tell him yourself," I heard Haynes mutter as the sound of footsteps got louder. Our teacher didn't hear him, or even if he heard he decided to ignore.
My head was still down so when a pair of Nike shoes appeared my brows furrowed, and without my knowledge my head moved up. Haynes was getting comfortable at the desk just beside me. Couple of desks were still free besides the one next to mine. Just my luck he has to take this one! Oh god...
I knew I was overreacting, but the guy just caught me checking him out. It was embarrassing. If I looked anywhere near like Addison, I'd not be freaking out this much. But it was me, a fat girl, and we didn't have the right to go after beautiful men like him.
"As I was saying," Mr. Crones began, "it's our first day, so I'm giving you all an assignment that you have to submit by the end of this semester. Sounds good?" He gave a sweet smile.
Another collective groan was his reply.
"Very good." He wanted us to write a five thousand words thesis or essay on any of the works of Shakespeare. We needed to do in-depth analysis of his work and also present how it was affected by the politics and culture of Elizabethan period. Honestly, I was excited about this assignment. I liked literature, it was fun.
"Hey!" A hand slammed down on my desk, almost making me jump. Mr. Haynes had his hand on my desk. My eyes first snapped to teacher Crones - who was busy writing on the board - then they moved to the boy beside me.
Strands of his dark brown locks were falling to his forehead, and somehow it made him look dangerously handsome. I could make out a calculating yet taunting look in his pitch black eyes. His pink lips were twitching, he was trying to hide a smile. Even though this boy looked like incarnation of Adonis himself, the look he was giving me screamed trouble.
Uh...
"Yes?" I hated how whimpery I sounded. My face was already burning up. Stop being this weak already!
I saw his eyes scanning my body from head to toe. I didn't know if my mind was playing tricks but his stare reminded me of all the stares I received throughout my teenage life. I could already feel him passing judgement: fat and lazy.
"So," he said, bringing me out of my daze.
"Huh?"
His lips pulled upward in a teasing smirk. My face flushed harder.
"I asked if you can lend me a pen. I forgot mine." Oh.
I moved to pick a pen out of my backpack, but my gaze fell on his jeans pocket. Two pens were already peeking out of it.
What was he trying to pull?!
"No." My voice came out harsher than I intended. I was trying to not sound weak, but I ended up sounding like a snob. Good work.
I turned my head back to Mr. Crones, who was still busy writing. To be honest, I didn't want to be anywhere near this Haynes, or any reason to associate with him. I didn't want to give him my pen. His face, body, attitude, heck even the way he was seated on his chair like a king, reminded me of all those entitled kids who thought they owned the world and ridiculed people like me at every given chance.
I might be overthinking this, but it was better to be safe than sorry.
A scoff came from my side, and without even looking I knew he was glaring at me.
"With all that fat jiggling out of your body, you sure got an attitude." His words crushed the little confidence I had gathered.
I really wanted to bite back but like always my tongue froze, and instead I peeked a glance. He was writing on his notebook with a pen - which nobody gave him. I turned back, my fist tightening.
Asshole!
It was better to stay away from him, because in the end, no matter how much I wanted to, I couldn't fight assholes like him.
*******
Chapter 2

I shoved my books inside locker and slammed it shut, my actions rather forceful. Haynes insult still burned in my mind, dampening my mood. Coward that I was, my locker took the brunt of my anger instead of the boy who was responsible for it.
"Keily!" Addison was sprint-walking toward me, another girl - who introduced herself as Lola this morning - following her.
"How's your day going?" I asked when she reached me.
"So far so good."
I looked at Lola, not wanting her to feel left out.
She just shrugged. Lola didn't talk much.
"C'mon, let's go. Sadhvi must be waiting for us," Addison said, hooking her arms with mine and Lola's, and rushing us to cafeteria. It was lunch. Addison had invited me this morning to sit it out with her and the girls.
What a cool cousin I have!
"What about you? Any scandals yet that us cheerleaders must gossip about?" My cousin asked.
I let out an ugly snort. "I'll let you know."
"I heard that your English class is taken by Mr. Crones."
I nodded.
"He's a pretty cool guy, mind you annoying, but cool. Although this entire year you're going to be saddled with lots of assignment, so be ready." Addison groaned. "We got stuck with old man Whitman, that bitter crow. You're lucky K." My first impression of Mr. Crones was also of a laid back guy. He was too enthusiastic for my taste, but at least he was friendly with us students.
The smell of food assaulted my nose as we entered cafeteria. The booming noises of students' chatter lit the large room. My mood lightening, until my eyes landed on Haynes. He was already looking at me. He was at the table just beside window, sitting there like a king at his throne.
His eyes narrowed, and I looked away. Jerk.
"Let me introduce you to the boys," Addison said. She waved at the guys at his table. Other than him there were four more guys, two of them waved back. No!
"It's okay, we don't have to disturb them," I refused but Addison had already began dragging us to their table. Despite my reluctance, she carried me as if I had weighed nothing, and that was saying a lot. What does this girl eat?!
"You'll love them, except James. He's a prick."
We reached their table. Addison high-fived a blond guy. Lola greeted them all with a single nod. And I looked anywhere but him, all the while feeling his glare.
"Is she the cousin you were talking about?" Blond guy asked Addison.
Addison nodded. "Keily, this is Lucas. Lucas this is Keily."
"Hey." I gave a small smile, my shyness peeking its head. Lucas was a handsome guy, his facial features were sharp with green eyes and heart-shaped lips. He probably had many girls vying for him.
"It's good to have a beautiful face around," Lucas said with a most genuine smile. "I hope we'll have some of our classes together. Addison's cousin is my... friend."
"She better remain your friend. We don't want you dating a cow," a voice commented. Haynes.
My smile dropped. That hurt.
"Shut up James." Addison glared at him. So he was called James. "You just want everyone one to be as miserable as you, don't you?"
James Haynes rolled his eyes.
"Okay okay." Lucas jumped in, his eyes dancing between Addison and James, who were in a glaring competition. "James, you've been in a bad mood since history. God knows why? But you don't have to take it out on others."
Addison huffed, putting her arm around my shoulder. I felt like a dwarf, a grateful dwarf. She stood up for me. Only if I could do the same for myself.
"We're leaving," my cousin spat, "Sadhvi is waiting for us anyway."
As we began to walk, Lucas stopped us. "Hey, don't let this sourpuss ruin your mood. Don't go, by now Sadhvi must've found other girls." He looked at me. "Keily, I apologize for him. He's having a bad day."
"That's not an excuse," Lola muttered.
"Yeah, it's not." Another guy stood up. He was wearing glasses, they gave him a look of maturity. "Look, why don't you guys sit here with us. We all want to know Keily." He became 100 times charming as he smiled. "It's going to be our treat." Poor guy added when Addison didn't reply.
I heard James scoff, probably holding in some remark about my weight and how I'd eat too much.
Addison glared at him but relented anyway. I hoped she didn't, but by now we all had established she was our leader. We did what she said.
I settled in seat beside Lucas, hyper aware of how much space I occupied. It didn't help James was right in front of me, looking like he wanted to chop my head off for sitting beside his friend.
Am I that bad?
Other guys introduced themselves.
Matt, the guy with glasses, Axel and Keith, the other two, went to grab our lunch. It was their treat after all.
"So Keily, are you having a good time here-" Lucas stopped, his face scrunching in a cute frown. "Let me rephrase that, you're not getting bored too much, are you?"
"Not much. Teachers here are pretty okay."
"Cool. By the way, if anyone here gives you trouble come to me? I'll take care of them."
'Take care of your friend,' I wanted to reply.
"You don't have to play hero Lucas. She's already got me for that," Addison chimed.
"Addy, let me impress your cousin." Lucas pouted. He was so sweet.
A chuckle slip past me at his adorable shenanigans, but it dropped as soon as it came when I saw James looking at me with narrowed eyes.
Matt, Keith, and Axel joined us, carrying food of twenty people for just eight of us. Everyone dug in like hungry animals that teenagers are, but I was cautious not to take too much, especially with James sitting here. I didn't want to give him anymore ammunition. It felt like my every action was controlled by how he'd react.
As food reached our mouths, the chit-chat at table ensued. I learned Lucas was the captain of our football team. I had suspected him to be athletic with all the muscles and height he was packing. James was also in team. The two seemed good friends. I gathered that much when Lucas kept throwing insults at James, and received equally harsh ones back. According to Matt, James and Lucas were their key players. I took him at his words.
Keith and Axel were in track team. Addison spent most of their talking to them about their next tournament. Lola listened quietly as Matt whispered in her ear. He was so close that he almost sat on her lap.
"They're dating," Lucas informed when he caught me glancing at them.
Lucas asked me about my town and previous school. I answered all his questions, and he listened patiently. It was flattering that a guy like him would pay any attention to me. His amiable nature gave me courage to ask him questions myself. We talked about football, but when I couldn't keep up with him, he switched conversation to what subjects he was taking. I learned we shared calculus and P.E..
This lunch would've been the best one that I had in a long time, if not for James Haynes. I tried to block him out, but it was difficult when he kept throwing glares my way. Thankfully, he didn't make another remark about me. He didn't even say a word to me, silently settling on a 'I-won't-mind-killing-you' look.
I should've given him that stupid pen.
*******
"Keily."
"Yes." I looked at my dad. We were on the couch.
After returning from school, wolfing down some snacks and sleeping for an hour, I had finished my homework. It wasn't much since it was our first day (Although I'm yet to start on Mr. Crones assignment). Now it was approaching seven, and my dad and I were in the living room. I was on my phone, and he was doing his work, glued to his laptop.
Dad had already prepared dinner. We were waiting for mom to return from work.
"Which color is better?" He asked turning the screen at me. Two browser page side by side with a heading ample.com stared at me. He was asking about the theme color. One was brown, fading into light brown. Other was also brown but a different shade.
I pointed at the first one.
"I also like this one." He smiled, and closed the web page. My eyes were still on his screen, when I noticed unfamiliar software.
"Wait, why aren't you using Atom? It's your favorite tool," I asked. He always used Atom IDE to design websites.
"Client wanted me to use this one."
"Is the software new? I haven't seen it before."
"Yeah, it was launched previous year." He began typing on his laptop before stopping again. He looked at me, his brown eyes gleaming. "Do you want to see its features?"
I nodded eagerly. I guess I shared my father's interest in designing websites and coding.
"Okay kiddo, don't make fun of me. I'm still learning."
"I can't promise you that." I smiled.
Because of my dad, computer science was my favorite subject. Today I had been excited to attend that class. However, the excitement had poofed out of me when I saw James sitting in the computer lab. I could've handled that, but teacher asked us to sit alphabetically, and because K comes after J we had to sit side by side. For almost an hour I had to endure his judging gazes, and if I ever made the mistake of looking back, I was showered with fat jokes.
My two favorite classes, literature and computer, had now turned into... not so favorite. If that wasn't enough we shared calculus too. But Lucas had been there to keep him checked, so it was bearable. Even though I was grateful, I felt bad that Lucas had to fight his friend for me. He was such a kind person.
If only I can fight for myself.
Our front door opened, and Mom walked in.
"Welcome back," I said before turning back to laptop screen.
"I'm going to take a shower." She put her purse down on the free chair. "And I want this laptop closed, and you two on dining table before I come back," with a warning she headed upstairs.
"Yes Mom."
"Yes Sweety."
Dad and I muttered together.
I prepared myself for the upcoming interrogation about the first day of school at dinner. My mother already got lot on her hands with this new office branch of hers. She didn't need to hear her daughter moaning about a mean teenage boy.
I'll probably leave out the James part.
******
Chapter 3:

"Keily," Lucas, who was sitting right next to me, whispered.
I turned my head to look at him, and raised my brows to ask "what?" We were in calculus, and Mr. Penson, our teacher, was droning about differentiation of trigonometric functions in the front. After this, only one class was left before school ended.
It was my fifth day, and I had already made some good friends, Lucas being one of them. Being related to Addison had played a great part in that because never in my life I'd expect to be friends with such a popular group.
Lucas threw a note at my desk, and it landed right above the textbook. I picked it up and unfolded it. "We're going ice cream parlor after school. Wanna join?"
The first question that sprung up in my head was: Who were we? Even though I sat with popular kids, I was still not immune to judgmental gazes, in fact being with them put me more on the spotlight. I hated attention because I never got any good one, especially since that day. I didn't want to be in the crowd who'd leer or snicker among themselves pointing at me, and some people who Lucas and Addison hung out with tended to be that way.
I looked up, and my eyes unconsciously drifted to James, who was sitting on Lucas's other side. His narrowed eyes were already aimed at me, displeasure at my mere existence seeping out of them. Unable to take intensity of his gaze, I looked down back to the note. I knew whoever was going to be we, it'd definitely include James. Him and Lucas always hung out together, and it baffled me how a kind person like Lucas was best-friends with a spawn of Satan himself.
"I don't know. Addison is my ride back home." I wrote at the back of paper, and slipped it on Lucas's desk. Once again my gaze moved to James, his glare now directed at Lucas. Word 'Uncomfortable' barely began to describe what I felt whenever I was in calculus class with them. Lucas always tried to include me in their conversation, but James's offhand insults shut me out.
Last time Lucas had asked my help to solve a problem from an assignment, which I had already finished at home. But the moment I'd picked up my pen, I became hyper aware of James's eyes on us - as he casually leaned against the desk right in front of me - and every coherent thought vanished out of my mind, leaving me staring at the sheet with a complete blank.
"You're fat and dumb," James had said with a condescending smirk, "like a pig. I should call you Piggy." And just like that word 'Piggy' stuck.
I'd wanted to snap back and tell him he was the dumb one because pigs were actually the most intelligent domesticated animals. But that wouldn't have made it any better, he'd come back with crueler insult. However, Lucas, like a great guy he was, stood up for me but the damage had already been done.
A slip fell on my lap, bringing me back to present. "Ask Addison to come too. It'll be fun. Pleaaaaaase." I turned my head and saw Lucas giving me an exaggerated pout. I had to bite my lips to stifle a laugh. Never expected the big quarterback of our school pouting like a child and looking so cute.
I began to scribble down on note when bell rang. Lucas hovered on my side as soon as Mr. Penson left. "You guys have to come," he said, his thumbs fiddling with the straps of his backpack.
"I'm not sure." I finished packing my things and zipped the bag. I stood up and turned to Lucas. "Addison has practice after school, and I'll be in library to work on my English assignment."
"If Addison's not free then at least you should come. It's not just us guys, Lola and Sadhvi are joining too."
"But my assignment." I made another attempt for passive refusal.
"It's the start of year, don't dig yourself into studies right now. You'll have plenty of months for that. For now you should enjoy your last year." Lucas didn't back down. "So, you're coming. Right?" He looked at me eagerly.
"Okay." I relented under his big eyes.
"Be at the parking lot after school." He grinned when I nodded.
"Piggy," James called, standing up from his seat, "don't you have a computer class, or flirting with Lucas is more important."
My face fell at the accusation, and a strong blush coated my cheeks. Whereas Lucas glared at him.
"Don't waste your breath though. He'll never go for a girl like you," he finished monotonously.
It was like James was on a mission to ruin everything good in my life, including my friendship with Lucas. I had already been reminded countless times by him that I wasn't good enough for his friend, not that I was interested. I never mistook Lucas's kindness for anything more than friendship.
"You know what James," Lucas began - oh no - and I saw his nostrils flaring, "I won't mind being with Keily. She's beautiful, smart, and most importantly not a fucktward like you. In fact, I'll be lucky if she ever dates me."
I gaped at him horrified. What did he just say?!
I looked at James and visibly flinched at the glare he was giving Lucas. As if on cue, he knew I was looking at him he turned to me, a vicious smirk marring his face.
"Don't expect me to pull you out when you get crushed under the cow," he snarled, his eyes running through my body contemptuously.
"Goddammit James!" Lucas yelled, attracting the eyes of others who were still in classroom. "You're taking it too far-"
"I need to go," I muttered, and stormed out of the room without looking back. The second other students looked at us, it became too overwhelming. I can't face this humiliation. I heard Lucas calling me from behind, but I was too vulnerable to face him right now and kept my pace till I reached the computer lab.
I sat at my assigned system and took deep breaths. My hands and legs felt shaky, and my vision blurred a little, warning of incoming tears.
Don't you dare cry because of that asshole. Don't!
I bet James didn't realize how much words hurt, especially when you hear them again and again. Fat, cow, pig, flab, whale, fatty. There comes a time when you can't ignore them, and they start sticking with you, eating away your self-esteem. And now his every insult had started to stuck. The way he degraded me in front of Lucas... it was too much.
I took long breaths looking at the ceiling to stop the tears from falling. I wasn't going to lose it in the middle of school lab with others around.
I heard the chair beside me move and a large body slumping on it lazily. I didn't look at him, refusing to acknowledge his presence and glared ahead.
"At least turn on the computer if you're planning on glaring at it." His tone casual as if the last few minutes hadn't happened.
My cheeks flushed when I realized I was staring at the blank screen.
Just kill me right now.
Immediately I pressed the power button on CPU and switched on the stupid system to avoid embarrassing myself further because James fed on it.
I felt his eyes on me, like always, trying to pin me down into a sweaty, fidgeting mess. But right now I was too angry to give him the satisfaction of seeing me self-conscious like the other days.
Suddenly, my skin tingled and I knew his gaze had intensified thousandfold, almost making me squirm. I guess it ruffled his feather to not get any reaction from me.
Good!
"Looks like my Piggy is angry with me," he said, and I could already imagine the stupid smirk on his stupid face. "Can't say I don't like it when it makes you blush. Pink suits you, confirms my theory that you're indeed a pig."
I blushed harder. God, I wanted to grab his head and smash it into the screen in front of him. Instead, I took out the notebook from my bag, pretending he wasn't there.
"Ignoring me, are we?" James drawled, finally getting the hint, "well, suit yourself."
And I suited myself, ignoring him as if he never existed. Strangely, he decided to do the same with me. Few minutes later our teacher arrived and started her lecture on web-designing. My bad mood was set aside temporarily as I listened to her attentively, already well-versed in the HTML tags she mentioned. I had worked with my dad many times helping him in designing and developing websites for his clients to kill the time and take off his workload. Mrs. Green was covering the very beginner level basics, and it stroked my ego a little bit that I was already light years ahead in this topic.
When last 15 minutes were left she gave us a small project to design a table. I wrote my code within two minutes. I thought about adding colors to the texts and rows to pass time, but decided against it as Mrs. Green hadn't started CSS, styling commands, and it was better not to act over-smart in front of a person who graded your reports and tests.
"Shit!" A faint curse came from my side, reminding me my nemesis was still here. Absence of his stares and my focus on our class almost made me forget about him.
Alas, good times don't last.
I couldn't resist but peek a small glance at him. He was glaring at his computer screen, lips pursed in concentration as his eyes moved up and down the monitor. Even though I hated him, I couldn't deny he was gorgeous. Too bad, such good looks wasted on a rotten personality.
I turned my head toward his monitor and sneakily went through his code. He hadn't written the closing tags on each row entry, used simple data tag for headings, and didn't write spanning tag at its correct place. I internally gloated at his blunders. Before he could catch me sneaking up on him I turned back, biting my cheeks to stop the sly smirk.
Asshole and stupid. Stupid asshole.
"You need to work harder James." Mrs. Green frowned looking at James's monitor. When only five minutes remained she had started to go over everyone's seat. "Go through your textbook at home." James only nodded with a scowl.
"Good work Keily," she complimented as she reached my place, looking at the web page and notepad code, both tabs placed side by side.
"Thanks," I smiled, relishing in the small humiliation that James went through, and feeling his death stare.
She moved on to look at others' work. Soon the bell rang and school finally came to end. I immediately carried my bag and rushed out of door, not wanting another encounter with James.
After locking my things, I sighed and leaned my head against the locker. I didn't want to go out for ice cream with others. I was drained after the whole fiasco in calculus, and didn't want to face James again. Heck, I didn't want to see Lucas either after all the things he spouted. He probably said all that to spite James, but his words left a greater impression on me than I wanted.
I groaned, my temples throbbing. I just wanted to go home and sleep on it. I didn't know whether Lucas was still planning on waiting for me in the parking. I decided to text him that I wasn't coming, go to library, and sit it out there till Addison was ready to go home. With that I dug my cell phone out of the bag, and started walking toward library, scrolling for Lucas's name in my phone at the same time.
Suddenly, I was dragged back almost slipping on the hard floor. An embarrassing squeak left my mouth.
"Where are you going, Piggy?" James was holding the top strap of my backpack. He leaned closer, his breath stroking my ears. "Parking is the other way."
*********
Chapter 4:

"Where are you going, Piggy?" James was holding the top strap of my backpack. He leaned closer, his breath stroking my ears. "Parking is the other way."
"W-what?" I stuttered. My whole body went clammy, and my stomach fluttering unnaturally at his closeness. That was probably my first word said directly to him since the first day.
"You're dumber than I thought." He let go of my bag, and I stumbled before regaining my balance. "Didn't Lucas invite you to join us for ice creams?" He said 'ice creams' like it was the dumbest thing.
'Do you even want me to join you?' I wanted to ask, but I was too much of a coward to confront James, so instead I settled for quick, "I'm not going." Without looking back I took a step forward, but was dragged back again by my bag. James had pulled harder this time and I tumbled back, my backpack landing on his chest. His arm immediately wrapped around my waist to rescue me from the further fall, making my head drop on his shoulder.
I looked up and he looked down, our wide eyes meeting each other. My stomach didn't flutter, it was full on somersaulting, and tingles pricked all over. I was too aware of the parts where our bodies touched.
Isn't there any angle he doesn't look perfect from? As if he'd heard my thoughts, James eyes went back to their normal size and his lips quirked up into a teasing smirk.
"Trying to kill me Piggy," he said, his fingers on my belly twitched and I was instantly reminded that he could feel my flab. No. "I am too young to be squeezed to death under you."
Immediately I pulled away from him and stood face to face, my cheeks redder than a fire truck. I looked around to hide my blush from his taunting eyes. The hallway had started to empty but the few who remained were throwing curious glances at us, adding to my embarrassment.
"You pulled me." I cringed mentally at how whiny I sounded.
"With all that weight you should be able to stand some push and shove." The world would end if every sentence out of his mouth didn't have to insult me.
"Just let me go." I sighed, finally looking at him. His black eyes stared back intensely, making my knees buckle. I realized how taller than me he was when I had to crane my neck.
"Can't do."
"Why?"
"Because I'm having fun." His smirk returned.
I gaped at him.
"And also you're coming with us to parlor. I can't have Lucas mad at me because of you when our match is just two weeks away."
"Do I get a say in this?" I objected weakly. Seriously, how much of a pushover are you Keily?
"No," James simply answered, grabbed my hand, and started to drag me toward the school doors as if it was an everyday thing. He didn't seem slightly troubled for bullying a girl into following him.
At first I followed his advice and resisted silently by digging my shoes against the floor and using my weight to stop him, meanwhile ignoring how warm his fingers were wrapped around my wrist. But my strength was nothing compared to him. James was a football player, and his training showed when he kept on walking without even looking bothered by my frail attempts.
When we reached parking lot, there was no sign of Lucas or his car. Or others who were coming. They'd already left. I sighed with relief of not having to face Lucas at least for a day.
"Fucker left without me," James cursed.
He still held my wrist, so I gave it a small tug to make him let go. Instead his grip tightened and he looked down at me. "Looks like our lover boy doesn't care about you." He smiled, and I would've found it genuine if not for his eyes which had a wicked glint. "But I do. Let's go."
My hand was yanked and once again I was dragged, this time to a black Chevy Camaro at the other side of parking lot. I didn't know much about James's family, but to own that expensive piece of metal they had to be rich. James opened the passenger door and raised his eyebrows gesturing me to enter.
"You don't have to take me," I said looking down, and clutched the cell phone in my hand tightly.
"Don't waste time." He sounded irritated like everything was my fault.
Not having the courage to fight back, I slipped into passenger's quietly and adjusted the seat belt. James closed the door with a loud thud almost making me jump, before walking around to sit in driver's seat. When the engine started any chance of getting out of James's clutch vanished, so I sent a quick text to Addison telling her not to wait for me. Even after the message was sent I kept on glaring at my phone, anything to avoid the Satan beside me. But he wasn't keen on granting me that wish.
"So tell me Piggy," James said, "do you like him?"
"What?" My phone dropped on my lap.
"Don't play dumb. You know what I mean."
I turned my head to look at him. His narrowed eyes were fixed ahead on the road, and his hands fisting against the steering wheel tightly. He wasn't exactly a picture of a happy person.
"You don't have to worry about anything," I replied, "Lucas said all that because he was angry with you. I'm sure he didn't really mean it."
"That's not the answer to my question." He paddled the accelerator and we started overtaking other cars on the road.
"Why does it even matter if I like him?"
Speed increased and the buildings outside became blur. He's crazy. I gulped, I too was to young to be killed by some crazy teen boy.
"N-No," I choked out fearing for my life. James looked at me, his eyes sharp and calculating. "I don't like him that way. Seriously, don't worry for your friend, he'll never go for me either way."
"Good." He whipped back his head, and gradually car slowed down to its normal speed.
I breathed a sigh of relief.
Not a word passed between us after, and the awkward tension filled the car. At least awkward for me, James didn't seem to care. By the time we reached Riche's Parlor, I was ready to burst out of the car and bolt away from him.
As we got out I spotted Lucas and Lola's cars parked not far from James's. Dread once again filled inside me with every step closer to glass doors. It looked like my jittery nerves weren't going to get any break today. When we entered I saw Lucas, Sadhvi, Matt and Lola sitting on the third booth from the front, chatting and enjoying their ice creams.
Matt spotted us first and grinned, waving us over. I smiled awkwardly when others turned their heads too. Lucas was the one who looked most surprised by our presence, more so together. Couldn't blame him, I'd be surprised too.
"Come," James ordered as he walked to the counter. I followed. "What do you want?" We stood before the glass freezer, containing buckets of different flavored ice creams.
"Blueberry." I felt very conscious.
"And..."
"And?"
James almost rolled his eyes. "You're going to get two scoops. Do you want both of them to be blueberry."
"No, I'll have only one scoop of blueberry." I didn't mind having two scoops, but I also didn't want to give James more leverage to comment on my eating habits.
"Who are you trying to fool?" James shook his head before calling the man behind the counter. "Two scoops of chocolate chip and rocky road, and another with two scoops of blueberry."
"Make it blueberry and mint," I corrected quickly. James wasn't going to listen, so might as well get what I liked.
"Weird taste," James muttered but I noticed a hint of smile on his lips. When I saw him taking out his wallet, I searched for my pouch inside my bag too. Today I was dressed in knee-length summer dress with no pockets, therefore my backpack carried everything from cell phone to changes. "Don't bother. It's my treat." I heard him say as he finished paying the man.
"But-"
"Just enjoy your ice cream Piggy." He handed me my cup and headed where others sat with his rocky road and chocolate chip.
"I thought you two weren't coming," Sadhvi said as we took our seats. Her long black curls swaying on her shoulders as she moved her head between James and me. She was in school's cheer-leading team with Addison. From little interaction that I had with her, I gathered she had a outgoing and bubbly personality, complete opposite to Lola. Addison friended every variety of humans.
"We were," James replied, shifting back to get comfortable. I was sitting next to him and the little movement caused our thighs to brush against each other, making the hem of my dress ride up. I blushed like my overreacting self. It seemed James noticed it too because I caught him staring at my thighs, probably with disgust at how fat I was. I shouldn't have worn this dress. Immediately I pulled it down, and James whipped his eyes back to Sadhvi, clearing his throat.
"Who told you we weren't?" He asked, eating spoonful of his ice cream and turning to glare at Lucas who sat in front.
"I did." Lucas glared back, licking the big chocolate scoop on his cone. Everyone else looked at them silently, biting down their treats.
"So you decided to leave Piggy hanging after begging her to join us."
Lucas's glare dropped and he moved his head to look at me apologetically. "Keily, I'm sorry. I was embarrassed to see you again after I said all those things and you left abruptly." His cheeks tinted a little. "I didn't wait because I thought you weren't going to come."
"You guessed right, I wasn't. I was kind of embarrassed too," I replied honestly, the burden on my chest lifting. "But James insisted so I tagged along." That wasn't honest, I was literally dragged here, but I didn't want to humiliate myself. "I hope I didn't make you uncomfortable."
"Absolutely not." He smiled, making me smile back that our friendship wasn't scraped. "I'm such an asshole that I didn't even text you that we were leaving. You have every right to be angry with me."
"You're an asshole." James interrupted before I could answer. "And she should be angry."
Lucas's smile turned into scowl as he turned back to James. "And who are you to speak. It's your fault that this ever happened. You were fucking bullying her!"
"What I do with her is none of your business. It's between her and me." He retorted nonchalantly, taking another swig of his rocky road.
"Can you believe this motherfucker?!"
Not again. Wasn't James here to make up with Lucas?
"Stop it you guys," Lola muttered annoyed, stopping the two. "The girl you're fighting for looks batshit afraid of you both."
Instantly all pair of eyes on table were on me, and my face burned at the attention. I realized I had been watching those two fight with terrified face. I wasn't afraid of them - okay maybe a little of James - but seeing them angry at each other because of me was horrible. As jerk of a person James was, he was Lucas's close friend. And I didn't like being the cause of their fight.
"I'm sorry." Lucas sighed.
James just scoffed looking down at me. Yeah, total jerk.
Fortunately, there wasn't anymore quarreling between them for the rest of our time together. But I noticed the two glaring at each other from time to time. Matt and Sadhvi took the charge of returning the table's mood back to jovial by talking about the football game that was coming. They somewhat succeeded when James and Lucas commented here and there. My mint ice cream had melted into blueberry before it got my attention. Nevertheless, I gulped it down, relishing the sweet taste.
"Keily wait," Sadhvi called from behind as I was about to push the shop's door open. It was approaching six in the evening when everyone decided to head back home. Lucas, James and Matt were already outside.
"No Keily go," Lola, who was standing beside Sadhvi, said. Sadhvi frowned but she seemed unaffected. "She's just going to ask you stupid question about what Lucas said in school that made you both embarrass. And everyone can see you don't want to talk about it right now, except her."
"Uh..." She was right I didn't want to tell Sadhvi about that. I shot her an apologetic look before walking out.
"Keily let me drop you home," Lucas offered when us girls reached them.
"She's coming with me," James jumped in before I could accept. "I brought her here and I'm dropping her home."
Once again two were in glaring competition until something akin to realization flashed in Lucas's eyes and he backed down. "Whatever."
*******
Chapter 5:

For his spendthrift friend, Bassanio, Antonio decided to sign a bond with Shylock that would require him to give a pound of flesh from his body if he failed to pay back the loan. Really!
This scene got me every time. I wouldn't mind losing few pounds off my body, but this was taking it a tad bit too far. Shylock's not joking with you Antonio! The man hates you, though he got good reasons for that, and you're too cocky to see through his schemes.
The Merchant of Venice by William Shakespeare.
That was the play I selected for the english assignment that Mr. Crones asked us to submit by the end of semester. It was Saturday and I had nowhere to go, so I decided to finally start working on it, instead of procrastinating to a week before the deadline. 
I was going through summary of the play on my laptop to revisit the plot, and rolling my eyes at the stupidity of characters. I was already well-versed with this play as in my previous school our teacher wanted us to read it during the summer holidays. Being a literature enthusiast, I was one of the nerds who actually did that.
This work of Shakespeare provided lots of political themes that I could work with, like antisemitism against Shylock, power and wealth in its society, the culture of masters and servants, and obviously a little feminism by the heroine Portia. It was enough for five thousand words which Mr. Crones wanted from us.
My phone lying beside the laptop rang. I saw Addison's name before answering it.
"Hey." 
"Keily there's a party at Keith's house tonight. Be ready, I'll pick you up at eight." My cousin ordered from the other end of line. Keith was in track team with Addison, and from what she'd told me his parents were out of town most of the days, letting him throw parties almost every other weekend.
"It's six already and you're telling me now." I looked at the taskbar of screen in front of me.
"No way you're ditching me again. You guys already went for ice cream without me," Addison huffed, "I can't believe I missed the drama between Lucas and James." She sounded angry about the latter part. 
Sadhvi and Addison were close, and I had my suspicion she must have been the one to tell Addison about the spat between Lucas and James over me in the parlor.
"It wasn't anything sensational. I'm sure they must be okay by now." I hope. 
The car ride back to my house with James had been a little better than the one to parlor. He seemed a lot less scary. Hell, he had even asked me if I liked my ice cream. My simple "yeah" was followed by his taunt, "Of course you like eating things." Even in his good mood I could expect James to be an asshole, but that time his remark sounded lighthearted. I reckoned his change in temper had to do with Lucas not arguing with him further about dropping me home. He is such a bratty kid.
"What happened with you, Lucas and James?" Addison asked.
"Nothing unusual. In calculus Lucas went after James when he insulted me." I toned it down, not wanting to tell her all the details. "But this time it went a little too far, so they weren't over it by the time we met at parlor."
"James is such a bitch." She cursed, making me chuckle in agreement. "Sadhvi told me you and Lucas were embarrassed about something..."
I mentally groaned. Sadhvi made sure to break it down to each detail in front of my cousin. Addison was the kind of person who listened every little rumor but never started any. I trusted her, so I shifted my laptop and lay down on the bed before starting narrating the whole incident in calculus class.
"Interesting, very interesting," Addison said when I finished, her tone feigning seriousness. "Two young men fighting to woo our beautiful lady." She was purposely teasing me.
"Don't make me regret telling you." I groaned out aloud.
Addison laughed. "Sorry. But I must give it to Lucas for standing up for you against his bestie. James deserved it, the guy is always after you. Maybe it'll put some sense into him." It didn't, in fact I had a feeling it was going to fuel him.
"One can only hope."
"You should try punching James that will surely work," Addison joked, and I heard some rustling from behind. "I have to go. Be ready by eight and dress cute. Who knows if Lucas really have hots for you?"
"Addison!" The line was cut before I could yell.
I put my phone down and sighed. I looked at my laptop staring back at me from the other edge of bed. The essay had to wait for another day.
*******
After shuffling through my wardrobe for at least half an hour I finally found a dress for the party. I had tons of casual clothes but my closet lacked outfits for other occasions. It wasn't like I needed them when I was in Remington.
Remaining time was spent on showering, putting on makeup, curling my hair, and finally zipping up the dress. I looked at the mirror for the end result.
My makeup was light but lipstick was matted bold pink which stood out. My black hair were curled below the shoulders. The black dress I was wearing reached couple of inches above my knees. It had short sleeve and fitted my bust tightly before turning into a flowy skirt. I was conscious of my flabby thighs and arms that it showed but otherwise it looked good. And the silver pumps, that my mother bought on sale last year, went great with it.
Grabbing my clutch I skipped to downstairs to wait for Addison. After putting this much effort I was pumped up for the party. Not even the thought of seeing James there dampened it. It wasn't like I had to sit right next to him like in the ice cream shop, avoiding him in the big house filled with other teenagers was relatively easier.  
"Someone's all dressed up," my dad commented as I reached living room. He was preparing dinner in the kitchen, which was open and gave view of the room.
"How do I look?" I asked, smiling and giving a light twirl.
"You look good, so good that it makes me second guess about letting you go to the party."
"Don't you dare dad." My smile dropped.
He laughed at me. "Just remember your curfew and-"
"No alcohol, no grinding against boys, and call you immediately if anything happens," I completed, "I know."
"And stick with Addison, she'll look after you." He added before turning back to stove.
I frowned. "Thanks for your trust," I muttered sarcastically.
Despite this I decided to help him with small chores while waiting for Addison. Ten minutes later our doorbell rang and I opened the front door to grinning Sadhvi and Addison.
Sadhvi was dressed in deep V-necked red top tucked inside denim shorts. She was flaunting her petite figure beautifully. Addison was wearing short dark blue spaghetti dress which hugged her lean muscular body. I was sure she'd be dealing with lots of boys vying for her attention tonight.   
"You look amazing little sis," Addison said, looking me up and down, "looks like you followed my advice."
"Talk about yourself. You two look so beautiful."
"We know," Sadhvi and Addison chirped together, throwing their hair back. I giggled, their confidence wasn't unwarranted.
My father, with a apron tied around his waist, greeted the girls. He made sure to tell Addison again and again to keep an eye on me, and she nodded every time diligently.
"Let's go, we are already late." Sadhvi reminded.
With a quick nod I turned back, picked my clutch and we rushed out of the house.
"Bye uncle!"
"Bye Mr. Harris!"
"Bye dad!"
Three of us yelled together before slamming the door shut behind us and walking to Addison's car. Sadhvi let me take the shotgun seat and settled herself at the back. Addison turned on the music and started the car.
"You look ready to hook up with someone." Addison gave me a glance, her face split with a grin.
"Aren't you supposed to stop me from doing that?" I asked, and saw Sadhvi from rearview mirror perking up after hearing us.
"Dad's over protectiveness for their daughters is so stereotypical. You shouldn't let that stop you from getting the guys," Sadhvi contributed, adjusting her top. "Look at me, my parents literally named me 'virtuous woman'. And let me tell you I'm far from that."
Addison nodded with a smirk, looking at her friend through rearview. "Very far."
Sadhvi looked away, and shifted in her seat. Her movement reminding me of myself when I got uncomfortable or shy.
"I'm not interested in hooking up for now," I said, breaking the weird tension, "I just want to have fun and enjoy with you guys."
"God you're such a kid." Bubbly Sadhvi was back. "And that is something I admire."
"Thanks, I guess."
The car steered to a posh looking neighborhood. My eyebrows raised as I took in the mansions surrounding the lane.
"That one is James's," Addison pointed to a large house on my left. Behind its big iron gate I could only get a glimpse of massive garden and a white pristine statue in the middle of wide driveway, which lead to the illuminated front porch. But it was enough to know that James Haynes was loaded. "I know right. My first reaction was this too."
I shut my mouth when I realized it was agape. "What do his parents do?" I asked when we left the house behind.
"His father runs the business, passed down to him by his father. It's something related to producing parts for everyday machines," Sadhvi answered. "James's mother is a neurologist. I guess that contributes to their massive income too."
I nodded. No wonder James acted like a king, he really was on some level.
A minute later we stopped in front of Keith's place. Although his house didn't compete with James's, it fitted perfectly in this neighborhood.
Addison parked the car along the others on the driveway. It seemed enough crowd had already gathered.
"Keith's rich too, but at least he has a better attitude about it." She stepped out and we followed suit. Music blared before we even stepped inside the open door.
Party had already started.
I saw familiar faces from our school laughing, drinking, and dancing. The smell of alcohol, different perfumes, and sweat wafted in the air. I bet Keith's home was spacious but filled with so many people it didn't come off as much.
"I'm going to get so drunk this time," Sadhvi squealed looking at Addison. "Last time I had to drive your drunk ass home with only half a cup alcohol in my belly. I'm going to make up for it."
"If you lose your shit, I'm leaving you here." Addison frowned. She and Sadhvi took turns on being the designated driver for each other whenever they went to parties. Tonight was Addison's turn.
I grinned at their banter. But it froze when I moved my head and saw James on the couch. A girl was sitting too close to him. He took a sip from a plastic cup and nodded to whatever she was saying in his ear. My eyes unconsciously raked through his figure. He was wearing a navy blue shirt with top three buttons undone and black jeans. Everything casual but definitely expensive, making him look sinfully handsome.
When the girl touched his shoulder he gave her a charming smile. I frowned. So his devil half was reserved for me whereas other pretty girls got his boyish charms. Asshole!
I shook my head internally and decided to get out of his sight. I was happy and not in a mood to be put down by his rude remarks. But before I could take a single step, his eyes had found me.
******
Chapter 6:

I noticed James's jaw slack a little when he looked at me, his gaze fiercer than ever. The cute blonde sitting beside him kept on talking, but he was no longer smiling or seeming to pay attention like before. Goosebumps crawled all over my body as his dark eyes scanned me head to toe, making me feel naked and insecure.
It was like he did it on purpose to torture me. 
"Keily, c'mon let's get drunk." Sadhvi appeared in front, blocking my vision of James. She grabbed my hand and started dragging me through the crowd of drunk teenagers.
"I don't think that's a good idea for me. My parents will go crazy."
"Don't let this opportunity go to waste," Addison said, sulking, as she trailed behind us. I kind of felt bad for her. I would've offered to be their driver if I had the license. "I'll inform your parents that you'll be spending night at my place. Just enjoy."
I nodded, giving into peer pressure. I didn't want to be a party pooper. And little alcohol wouldn't cause my parents to disown me anyways.
As Sadhvi guided us to kitchen I stole another glance in James's direction. Bad idea. His narrowed eyes were already following me. He was now leaning against the backrest of the couch, legs apart, one arm casually thrown back at his side while the other still held his drink. He looked regal. That blonde no longer clung to him - her interest had moved on to another guy at her other side. But James didn't look bothered by it. He was more interested in me, looking like a predator studying his prey. I looked away and quickened my steps, feeling like that prey.
"Wow." My eyebrows raised seeing so many labeled bottles on the granite kitchen counter. "I feel so bad for breaking my dad's trust."
"Chill, I'm pretty sure your father had his own wild days." Sadhvi mixed liquids from couple of bottles in two cups and handed me one. 
"Thanks." My face scrunched a little when I took a sip. It was bitter. While I was no heavy weight in drinking, I had sometimes stolen a sip or two of whiskey from my mother's cabinet, and Sadhvi's drink outdid it in bitterness and strong smell.
"Keily!" A familiar voice exclaimed.
I turned back to find Lucas entering the kitchen with a bright grin on his face. He was in black and red checkered shirt and dark brown cotton trousers. Our quarterback looked handsome as ever, but also a little drunk. I smiled back at him.
"I was wondering when you'll show up," he said, pouring a drink for himself, "I hope we are better at throwing parties than your people of Remington."
"Lot better," I lied, taking another sip from my drink. He didn't need to know I didn't attend many parties back in my old town.
"What about us Lucas?" Addison asked him, fake pouting. She had a cup in her hand and I guessed it to be containing Pepsi - a large bottle of which was also on counter among rows of different alcohols. "You only seem to care about my cousin. Weren't you waiting for us?" She brought the cup to her lips and threw a quick glance at me to wiggle her brows teasingly.
A small glare was returned from my side.
"I know where is alcohol there are you two." He looked at her and then Sadhvi, who was  preparing herself another cup. She's quick.
"Truer words were never spoken." Addison nodded before drowning down her cup.
"And you Keily better not drink like them." Lucas turned back to me. "These two are regulars but you don't look like it. We can't enjoy the party if we have to fend off guys from a beautiful drunk girl." He looked more serious than my father.
"O-okay." I nodded obediently, my mind hung up on word beautiful. 
"Smooth." I heard Addison whisper, imagining a smirk on her lips behind the red cup.
"God you're so easy." A teasing grin broke out on Lucas's face, letting me know he was just playing with me. "Don't worry, have fun as much you like. I'm sure of one person who won't let any guy take advantage of you."
"Yeah, Addison's not drinking but I think if looking out for two drunks will be too much for her." I took a big gulp of my drink as a rebellion against Lucas, and looked at Addison, who was rolling her eyes at me. 
Lucas barked out a laugh, alcohol showing its effect on him.
Did I miss something?
"That's not who I meant," he said between his bouts of laughter, making my temple knit in confusion.
"That's my favorite song," Sadhvi squealed before I could ask Lucas who he meant. Maroon 5 had started playing in the background. "Addy, we have to dance to that." Apparently she was on her third fill, and not paying much attention to our conversation.
Before Addison was yanked by her, she managed to whisper quickly in my ear. "He was talking about himself idiot."
Okay. Don't lose it. He probably meant it as a friend.
I brought the cup to my lips and finished the remaining drink in one swig to recover from her words. Lucas watched me in amusement as I put down my empty cup on the counter.
"You want to dance?" He asked, making me freak out internally. He filled both of our cups with some branded bottle.
"Sure." I tried to look nonchalant.
We grabbed our alcohols and headed to where Addison and Sadhvi were. The girls were dancing, swaying melodically holding each other's waist and laughing to their inner jokes, completely ignoring the boys ogling them.
"You should thank me for rescuing you. Sooner or later they would've ditched you." Lucas grabbed my hand, and before I could register my world spun around. He was twirling me and didn't stop until two complete rounds, spilling few drops of my drink on the wooden floor.
I giggled, my hand resting on his shoulder to stable myself. "Are you trash talking my friends?"
"Yeah," he grinned, "but they're my friends too, so I'm allowed to trash them."
I chuckled for no reason. And he followed.
I suppose alcohol had kicked in. My nerves went down with each passing minute and dancing with Lucas didn't feel as intimidating. He was a fun kind of drunk. We swayed to the beat of music, spinning each other, arguing nonsense like what kind of animal Lucas looked like to who was better: cats or dogs - definitely dogs, and laughing like maniacs after seeing Lola and Matt making out in the corner. Each time our cup went empty we raced to the kitchen for refill, giggling like children. Seeing me like this my parents really would disown me.
After my sixth and Lucas's umpteenth cup we decided to take a breather, and stood near the stairways. I could feel my hair sticking to my face and neck, and beads of sweat all over my body, but I couldn't care less. Lucas's armpits were dampened too, his face carrying a pinkish hue, and hair a wild wet mess. Leaning against the wall we looked perfect drunks.
I was mindlessly looking at the throng of people in front of us when I spotted James staring at us with an expression I could mildly describe as livid. He was at the other side of big hall, surrounded by his friends from football team. 
All the while dancing with Lucas I had felt his laser like glare on me, and I located him once or twice. But with my intoxicated mind and Lucas always keeping me on my toes with his ridiculous dance moves, I had successfully ignored him.    
"Hey," Lucas said, making me turn to him, "do you want to get back at him?"
"What?"
Lucas rolled his eyes, making me pout. "Do you want to get back at James?" We both sneaked a look at the said scary man who was glaring at us before facing each other.
Of course I wanted to get back at him. He was evil.
I nodded, my head bobbing more than necessary. God I am so drunk.
"Then kiss me."
"Huh?"
"Kiss me and look how the motherfucker burns." Lucas's eyes gleamed with mischief.
Lucas did make sense. Since the first day James had always been against the idea of us being anything more than friends. Hell, he even disliked our friendship. He wanted to shield his friend from a fat girl to uphold some ridiculous social hierarchy in his mind. Me kissing Lucas would definitely push some of his buttons. 
Lucas was genius. A genius who was also handsome and heartthrob of our school. I also wouldn't mind kissing such a gorgeous person, opportunities like this rarely come by.
I grinned. "Okay, but no tongue."
Lucas gasped putting a hand over his heart. I blame this overacting on alcohol. "No tongue."
"I want to use my tongue when I'm sober and not smelling like gazillion types of alcohol."
"A true lady. I'll keep that in mind." Lucas nodded, trying to look serious and failing. "Now come on."
He leaned forward, and I wet my lips doing the same. I caught the strong smell of alcohol mixed with his faint musky scent and deodorant, building the anticipation of next. When our noses brushed, I closed my eyes. Our lips met and-
I stumbled forward my face meeting thin air. I opened my eyes and saw James's incensed face. He was holding Lucas by his shirt's collar. From the look of it James had dragged him away from me before we could kiss.
Well that wasn't very nice of him. I was looking forward to that kiss.
I was about to tell James that, but the moment my eyes met his furious ones every word flew out of my head. He looked like a monster right out of my nightmare, or an angel from a beautiful dream. Huh? Perhaps the mixture of both, because you know he was really good looking - especially with those strands of gelled hair falling to his forehead, but also terrifying. Handsomely terrifying.
I should've gone lighter with the drinks. 
"Hey!" Lucas interrupted the murderous look he was casting my way. "What do you think you're doing?!"
"You're drunk. She's drunk," James said, clearly holding himself from pummeling Lucas's face. Or maybe my face. I was the one he hated. "I don't want you to regret this in morning."
"Who are you? My father." Lucas huffed, dislodging himself from James's grip. "And anyway why will I regret kissing Keily. She's cute and beautiful, with a kind heart." He should've gone lighter with those cocktails too.
I blushed when the two boys looked at me, Lucas with a smug smile and James carrying an angry scowl. Lucas's plan was backfiring at me. 
"I am going to go," I mumbled, eager to get out of James's sight. 
When I took a step forward I was yanked back by a strong grip above my elbow smashing me against the wall. "And where are you going to go?!" James finally burst, his mouth grimacing to snarl as he pinned me down with furious eyes. "Going to look for another guy to be a slut with. Few cups of alcohol and you show your true colors, turning into a whore for any man who gives you even a little attention." His face was so close, and I saw his pupils dilate. "Who knew you were such a slut Piggy?"
I cowered, suppressing a whimper at his cruel insult. Slut and whore. The words which people like him used to disgrace and put down any girl who they didn't deem worthy, and it worked.
"Don't talk to her like that!" Lucas slurred, his drunk mind processing things slowly.
"Shut up!" James shoved him away and he stumbled back with a groan.
Seeing him pushing away the person who stood for me finally made me find some courage in a drunken haze. "You know what James," I said and his head snapped back to me, "I'll slut around with any guy I want. I don't care what you think." I jutted my chin out and realized it was a bad move because our faces almost touched.  
My little courage vanished when I saw his nostrils flaring in pure rage. I somehow irked him pretty badly with my words.
"Also don't hurt Lucas," I added weakly, digging my grave further.
"Shut your mouth Piggy if you don't want me to lose it," he said calmly, too calmly for a man who looked ready to kill. His eyes took in my whole face, pausing a second longer on my lips, before they met mine. "I'll deal with you in school, but for now you're going to find Addison and go home. Do you understand?" His glare told me if I didn't he'd drag me out of here himself.
He let me go when I nodded.
"Dude, you'll never score if you keep treating-" Lucas couldn't finish his babbling as James hauled him away by his collar. I raised my hand to wave Lucas goodbye, but one look from James made me pause. He was treating both of us like unruly toddlers.
Feeling like a kicked down puppy, I began my search for Addison and Sadhvi.
********
Chapter 7:

I noticed James's jaw slack a little when he looked at me, his gaze fiercer than ever. The cute blonde sitting beside him kept on talking, but he was no longer smiling or seeming to pay attention like before. Goosebumps crawled all over my body as his dark eyes scanned me head to toe, making me feel naked and insecure.
It was like he did it on purpose to torture me. 
"Keily, c'mon let's get drunk." Sadhvi appeared in front, blocking my vision of James. She grabbed my hand and started dragging me through the crowd of drunk teenagers.
"I don't think that's a good idea for me. My parents will go crazy."
"Don't let this opportunity go to waste," Addison said, sulking, as she trailed behind us. I kind of felt bad for her. I would've offered to be their driver if I had the license. "I'll inform your parents that you'll be spending night at my place. Just enjoy."
I nodded, giving into peer pressure. I didn't want to be a party pooper. And little alcohol wouldn't cause my parents to disown me anyways.
As Sadhvi guided us to kitchen I stole another glance in James's direction. Bad idea. His narrowed eyes were already following me. He was now leaning against the backrest of the couch, legs apart, one arm casually thrown back at his side while the other still held his drink. He looked regal. That blonde no longer clung to him - her interest had moved on to another guy at her other side. But James didn't look bothered by it. He was more interested in me, looking like a predator studying his prey. I looked away and quickened my steps, feeling like that prey.
"Wow." My eyebrows raised seeing so many labeled bottles on the granite kitchen counter. "I feel so bad for breaking my dad's trust."
"Chill, I'm pretty sure your father had his own wild days." Sadhvi mixed liquids from couple of bottles in two cups and handed me one. 
"Thanks." My face scrunched a little when I took a sip. It was bitter. While I was no heavy weight in drinking, I had sometimes stolen a sip or two of whiskey from my mother's cabinet, and Sadhvi's drink outdid it in bitterness and strong smell.
"Keily!" A familiar voice exclaimed.
I turned back to find Lucas entering the kitchen with a bright grin on his face. He was in black and red checkered shirt and dark brown cotton trousers. Our quarterback looked handsome as ever, but also a little drunk. I smiled back at him.
"I was wondering when you'll show up," he said, pouring a drink for himself, "I hope we are better at throwing parties than your people of Remington."
"Lot better," I lied, taking another sip from my drink. He didn't need to know I didn't attend many parties back in my old town.
"What about us Lucas?" Addison asked him, fake pouting. She had a cup in her hand and I guessed it to be containing Pepsi - a large bottle of which was also on counter among rows of different alcohols. "You only seem to care about my cousin. Weren't you waiting for us?" She brought the cup to her lips and threw a quick glance at me to wiggle her brows teasingly.
A small glare was returned from my side.
"I know where is alcohol there are you two." He looked at her and then Sadhvi, who was  preparing herself another cup. She's quick.
"Truer words were never spoken." Addison nodded before drowning down her cup.
"And you Keily better not drink like them." Lucas turned back to me. "These two are regulars but you don't look like it. We can't enjoy the party if we have to fend off guys from a beautiful drunk girl." He looked more serious than my father.
"O-okay." I nodded obediently, my mind hung up on word beautiful. 
"Smooth." I heard Addison whisper, imagining a smirk on her lips behind the red cup.
"God you're so easy." A teasing grin broke out on Lucas's face, letting me know he was just playing with me. "Don't worry, have fun as much you like. I'm sure of one person who won't let any guy take advantage of you."
"Yeah, Addison's not drinking but I think if looking out for two drunks will be too much for her." I took a big gulp of my drink as a rebellion against Lucas, and looked at Addison, who was rolling her eyes at me. 
Lucas barked out a laugh, alcohol showing its effect on him.
Did I miss something?
"That's not who I meant," he said between his bouts of laughter, making my temple knit in confusion.
"That's my favorite song," Sadhvi squealed before I could ask Lucas who he meant. Maroon 5 had started playing in the background. "Addy, we have to dance to that." Apparently she was on her third fill, and not paying much attention to our conversation.
Before Addison was yanked by her, she managed to whisper quickly in my ear. "He was talking about himself idiot."
Okay. Don't lose it. He probably meant it as a friend.
I brought the cup to my lips and finished the remaining drink in one swig to recover from her words. Lucas watched me in amusement as I put down my empty cup on the counter.
"You want to dance?" He asked, making me freak out internally. He filled both of our cups with some branded bottle.
"Sure." I tried to look nonchalant.
We grabbed our alcohols and headed to where Addison and Sadhvi were. The girls were dancing, swaying melodically holding each other's waist and laughing to their inner jokes, completely ignoring the boys ogling them.
"You should thank me for rescuing you. Sooner or later they would've ditched you." Lucas grabbed my hand, and before I could register my world spun around. He was twirling me and didn't stop until two complete rounds, spilling few drops of my drink on the wooden floor.
I giggled, my hand resting on his shoulder to stable myself. "Are you trash talking my friends?"
"Yeah," he grinned, "but they're my friends too, so I'm allowed to trash them."
I chuckled for no reason. And he followed.
I suppose alcohol had kicked in. My nerves went down with each passing minute and dancing with Lucas didn't feel as intimidating. He was a fun kind of drunk. We swayed to the beat of music, spinning each other, arguing nonsense like what kind of animal Lucas looked like to who was better: cats or dogs - definitely dogs, and laughing like maniacs after seeing Lola and Matt making out in the corner. Each time our cup went empty we raced to the kitchen for refill, giggling like children. Seeing me like this my parents really would disown me.
After my sixth and Lucas's umpteenth cup we decided to take a breather, and stood near the stairways. I could feel my hair sticking to my face and neck, and beads of sweat all over my body, but I couldn't care less. Lucas's armpits were dampened too, his face carrying a pinkish hue, and hair a wild wet mess. Leaning against the wall we looked perfect drunks.
I was mindlessly looking at the throng of people in front of us when I spotted James staring at us with an expression I could mildly describe as livid. He was at the other side of big hall, surrounded by his friends from football team. 
All the while dancing with Lucas I had felt his laser like glare on me, and I located him once or twice. But with my intoxicated mind and Lucas always keeping me on my toes with his ridiculous dance moves, I had successfully ignored him.    
"Hey," Lucas said, making me turn to him, "do you want to get back at him?"
"What?"
Lucas rolled his eyes, making me pout. "Do you want to get back at James?" We both sneaked a look at the said scary man who was glaring at us before facing each other.
Of course I wanted to get back at him. He was evil.
I nodded, my head bobbing more than necessary. God I am so drunk.
"Then kiss me."
"Huh?"
"Kiss me and look how the motherfucker burns." Lucas's eyes gleamed with mischief.
Lucas did make sense. Since the first day James had always been against the idea of us being anything more than friends. Hell, he even disliked our friendship. He wanted to shield his friend from a fat girl to uphold some ridiculous social hierarchy in his mind. Me kissing Lucas would definitely push some of his buttons. 
Lucas was genius. A genius who was also handsome and heartthrob of our school. I also wouldn't mind kissing such a gorgeous person, opportunities like this rarely come by.
I grinned. "Okay, but no tongue."
Lucas gasped putting a hand over his heart. I blame this overacting on alcohol. "No tongue."
"I want to use my tongue when I'm sober and not smelling like gazillion types of alcohol."
"A true lady. I'll keep that in mind." Lucas nodded, trying to look serious and failing. "Now come on."
He leaned forward, and I wet my lips doing the same. I caught the strong smell of alcohol mixed with his faint musky scent and deodorant, building the anticipation of next. When our noses brushed, I closed my eyes. Our lips met and-
I stumbled forward my face meeting thin air. I opened my eyes and saw James's incensed face. He was holding Lucas by his shirt's collar. From the look of it James had dragged him away from me before we could kiss.
Well that wasn't very nice of him. I was looking forward to that kiss.
I was about to tell James that, but the moment my eyes met his furious ones every word flew out of my head. He looked like a monster right out of my nightmare, or an angel from a beautiful dream. Huh? Perhaps the mixture of both, because you know he was really good looking - especially with those strands of gelled hair falling to his forehead, but also terrifying. Handsomely terrifying.
I should've gone lighter with the drinks. 
"Hey!" Lucas interrupted the murderous look he was casting my way. "What do you think you're doing?!"
"You're drunk. She's drunk," James said, clearly holding himself from pummeling Lucas's face. Or maybe my face. I was the one he hated. "I don't want you to regret this in morning."
"Who are you? My father." Lucas huffed, dislodging himself from James's grip. "And anyway why will I regret kissing Keily. She's cute and beautiful, with a kind heart." He should've gone lighter with those cocktails too.
I blushed when the two boys looked at me, Lucas with a smug smile and James carrying an angry scowl. Lucas's plan was backfiring at me. 
"I am going to go," I mumbled, eager to get out of James's sight. 
When I took a step forward I was yanked back by a strong grip above my elbow smashing me against the wall. "And where are you going to go?!" James finally burst, his mouth grimacing to snarl as he pinned me down with furious eyes. "Going to look for another guy to be a slut with. Few cups of alcohol and you show your true colors, turning into a whore for any man who gives you even a little attention." His face was so close, and I saw his pupils dilate. "Who knew you were such a slut Piggy?"
I cowered, suppressing a whimper at his cruel insult. Slut and whore. The words which people like him used to disgrace and put down any girl who they didn't deem worthy, and it worked.
"Don't talk to her like that!" Lucas slurred, his drunk mind processing things slowly.
"Shut up!" James shoved him away and he stumbled back with a groan.
Seeing him pushing away the person who stood for me finally made me find some courage in a drunken haze. "You know what James," I said and his head snapped back to me, "I'll slut around with any guy I want. I don't care what you think." I jutted my chin out and realized it was a bad move because our faces almost touched.  
My little courage vanished when I saw his nostrils flaring in pure rage. I somehow irked him pretty badly with my words.
"Also don't hurt Lucas," I added weakly, digging my grave further.
"Shut your mouth Piggy if you don't want me to lose it," he said calmly, too calmly for a man who looked ready to kill. His eyes took in my whole face, pausing a second longer on my lips, before they met mine. "I'll deal with you in school, but for now you're going to find Addison and go home. Do you understand?" His glare told me if I didn't he'd drag me out of here himself.
He let me go when I nodded.
"Dude, you'll never score if you keep treating-" Lucas couldn't finish his babbling as James hauled him away by his collar. I raised my hand to wave Lucas goodbye, but one look from James made me pause. He was treating both of us like unruly toddlers.
Feeling like a kicked down puppy, I began my search for Addison and Sadhvi.
********
Chapter 8:

Monday morning came too soon for my liking. And when I walked into my english class I wished it wouldn't have come at all. James sat right next to my desk as usual, scrolling through his phone, and casually unaware of the dread he filled in me. A cold shiver ran through me as I moved to take my seat. 
I felt his eyes the second I reached beside him. Highly conscious of my each movement, I sat down and started taking out things for the class from my bag, not daring to meet his gaze.
"Why so shy now, Piggy?" James said, making me stop and look up at him shyly. My cheeks heated as our eyes met. His glare was fierce and accusing, and like always pinning me into submission. "What happened to the slut that couldn't keep her hands off Lucas the other night?"
There it was again. Slut.
"Stop calling me that. It's not-"
"Why not? Wasn't it you who said you can slut around with anyone?" He cut me off, leaning against the back of his chair. His eyes traveled through my whole form, and I squirmed in self-consciousness. I was wearing a pink and white striped top, tucked inside my plain blue denim skirt which reached right above my knees. I never thought the outfit was bad, but under James's scrutinizing gaze I hoped it didn't make me look too fat. "Look at you." His gaze bore into me again. "No wonder you're so desperate that you wanted to take advantage of my drunk friend."
His words felt like a punch.
"Stop," I pleaded, "I didn't want to take advantage of anyone. It's not what you think."
"Then what is it?"
My mouth shut. I didn't think it was a good idea to tell him what Lucas and I had been planning. 
James scoffed when I didn't say anything. "If you want it so bad, why go to Lucas." He sat up, an arrogant smirk appearing on his lips, before leaning toward me. He didn't stop until our faces were only few inches apart. 
My body froze but my senses became hyper-activated at his close proximity. A trace of rich cologne mixed with his own musky scent surrounded me. I saw the pupils in his dark eyes dilate when they moved to scan my face - just like the last time at party. His smirk fell a little as his gaze moved down to my lips, lingering there longer. I noticed his haughtiness slipping away and something else replacing it, something intense.
A damn zoo was fluttering in my belly, probably with fear. It had to be fear. My skin burned under his eyes, goosebumps appearing all over it. I had no doubt that my face was at its brightest red. "James?" I whispered, scared.
One word, and it was enough to wipe the dazed look out of his face. In an instant, the taunting gleam in his eyes was back, along with that gloating smirk. Seeing this I finally reacted and moved back a little, but James grabbed a lock of my hair on shoulder and yanked me into him again. I knew something malicious was going to come.
"If my Piggy wants it so bad," James began, his minty breath stroking my face, "she can come to me. I'll give it to you long and hard, just the way a fat slut like you want." With one last look, he let me go and sat back in his chair comfortably, acting as if he hadn't just tarnished me.
He's sick! 
I wanted to slap him hard, or shove his face into his own desk and see him writhing. Anything to hurt him back like he had done to me just now. It was awful, and my self-esteem stung. But all I could manage was to stop a pathetic whimper from escaping me at his degrading remark. I am such a coward. 
Punched down and defeated, I went back to my stuff on table. I opened my textbook and kept on reading the same sentence again and again, to hold back the tears, until Mr. Crones arrived. I gave my best to pay attention to our teacher and forget what James had said, but I couldn't. My bully, as always, managed with his vicious ways to be on my mind, making me replay his insult on repeat. And the tingling that coursed through my body every time he looked at me in class didn't help either.
I hate him so much.
*******
"You should come to the trial this afternoon," Lucas said to me, "it's better than being alone in library. Also you can see Addison shaking those pom poms." He gave a teasing grin to Addison who was on my other side.  
My cousin glared at him. "With the way you guys ogle us in the field, I thought you noticed we aren't using pom poms this season."
"No!" Lucas frowned. "But that's where all the fun lies. You guys should use them."
Addison rolled her eyes.
It was lunch and Addison and I were walking to cafeteria when Lucas joined us. I hadn't seen him this whole morning, but that was mostly because on Monday the calculus class we shared was after lunch. I was a little apprehensive of seeing him due to the incidents at party, but Lucas, acting like nothing was out of ordinary, took all the awkwardness out of our conversation. He didn't mention the party, and neither did I. But I had a inkling Addison was dying to talk about it, if the suggestive glances she was throwing my way were any indication. 
Today after school there was going to be football trial for anyone who wanted to be in team. Lucas told me they were conducted at the beginning of each year, and the game that was coming next week would be a good warm-up match for the new players before the season. He was insisting me to come and watch the trial, since I was going to be here anyway because Addison had her cheer-leading practice after school too, and she was the one who dropped me home.
Whenever Addison get off late, I went to library to wait for her and meanwhile complete my homework. I had no problem with this arrangement as it saved my time for home and let me work with Dad on his web designing projects. However, now that Lucas was talking so animatedly about the game, I'd love to watch him and Addison doing their things in the football field. 
But unfortunately, with them there was also going to be one person who I despised. I didn't want to see James's face after what happened in English. And I had a feeling he too wouldn't like me seeing there, and given his track record he'd let me know by trampling over me with his cruel insults. I was even dreading our next class, calculus, together.
"I'll see you at the practice Keily, right?" Lucas turned to me, his brows raised waiting for my answer.
"Sure." I nodded. Even though the thought of seeing James there was not pleasant, I didn't want to disappoint Lucas, especially when he was so caring and always tried to make me feel included. Also, Addison would probably murder me if I refused.
He smiled, and Addison smiled wider. Oh God!
When we reached cafeteria, the first person to catch my eyes was, of course, James. He was sitting at his table with other guys, his blazing eyes already watching me. I could almost see the darkness looming over his face on finding Lucas next to me.
I was appalled at his entitlement. He had no right to shoot daggers at me after how he acted, and with a sudden burst of my own anger I wanted to show him that.   
"Lucas, why don't you sit with us today?" I asked Lucas with a bright smile, feeling certain asshole's glare intensify.
"The guys are waiting-" He glanced at his regular table, where James was also sitting. "You know what, let's go. I have a reputation of a quarterback to keep and that means surrounding myself with beautiful girls."
"You're so cheap," Addison said, but her face was lighting up with a wide grin. She was looking between him and me, not at all trying to be discreet about imagining our baby's name.
"I actually am," Lucas teased back, "so are you going to pay for my lunch."
"Don't worry, I'll pay for it," I offered. It was the least I could do after he had been so good to me.
"And she's the queen." Lucas threw his arm around my shoulder and bowed his head, making me chuckle. But it stopped when my eyes drifted to James, who was seething and gripping the fork in his hand tightly. I'd be lying if I say I wasn't afraid. 
Lucas let me go when we moved to get in line for our lunch, and after he sat with us - that included Addison, Sadhvi, Lola and me. I'd be reveling in my small victory, if not for my nemesis, whose furious eyes promised me retribution. I'm dead.
*******
I visibly gulped when James entered our calculus class and fiercely glared at me for my crime of existing. Lucas, who was just behind him, threw me a smile with a head bob.    
I wanted to vanish.
"I'm so excited about trial," Lucas chirped as he took his seat beside mine. I saw James settling on his other side.
"I'm too," James said, looking at me. 
"You know what, Keily," Lucas sounded excited, making me tear my gaze away from James, "We just talked to Coach and he wants James and me to demonstrate plays for the newbies. It's not that big of a deal but I'll just love to tackle those rookies to ground. It's fun to hear their painful grunts when they get the first shock of their life."
"You sound awfully excited about hurting others?" I questioned, trying to ignore James's piercing eyes.
"I swear I'm a good person, but when it comes to football I'm a sadist." 
I nodded, attempting to meet his enthusiasm and failing.
"You're still coming to see the trial?" Lucas asked.
My eyes darted to James, and I noticed a look of surprise pass on his face before it turned into something sinistrous. I had a very bad feeling about this. 
"Yes, I'll be there." I desperately wanted to scream 'no'.
"Make sure not to dent our bleachers, we just got them painted." James added, like a habit. Jerk. 
I blushed and looked down to my desk, also like a habit. 
"James, just don't." I heard Lucas sigh.
Surprisingly, the rest of class was uneventful besides James's usual taunts whenever Lucas tried to indulge me in their conversation. However, I had a feeling in my gut this was a silence before storm. Okay, maybe I was overreacting, but I knew he'd get back at me in some way. I had rebelled against James in lunch by purposely going after Lucas, and he caught on to that.
Something told me he didn't take my rebellion well and I was going to pay.
********
Chapter 9:

Sun rays pleasantly warmed my exposed skin and the light wind blew my hair on face as I marched to the metal bleachers of our school's ground. It was a nice day to be out, a perfect blend of sunny and little windy. And a complete contrast to the anxiety that was bubbling inside me. 
James's dark expression in the lunch when Lucas sat with me haunted my mind, and I expected his attack anytime now. He was unreasonably persistent on keeping Lucas away from me, which would be funny if the constant body-shaming wasn't involved from his side. And I felt it was only going to escalate, if the ominous look that flashed on his face in Calculus, on hearing I was coming to watch the tryouts, was anything to go by. Heck, I wouldn't put past James to aim the football for my head and knock me out just for showing up here.
Or maybe I'm overthinking. I did have a tendency to do that, especially with him. 
On my way, I counted about 20 guys clustered at the center of the football field. Only few of them were in their football gears with black jersey on it, while others wore sweatpants or shorts and loose t-shirts. Our team coach stood out among them with his bald head, whistle hanging from the neck, and the boisterous way with which he shouted at the boys. 
Cheerleaders were also in the field, most of them dressed similarly in sweatpants and tank tops, at the small corner. They were doing stretches. I saw Addison among them too, doing a graceful leg split, and making my brows rise at her flexibility. She was so immaculate and elegant that someone like me could only wish to be her. 
Matt and Lola were already sitting at the corner of middle row when I reached the bleachers. Some other students were also scattered on the seats, and I deciphered football was important at Jenkins. Matt was excitedly speaking to Lola, who like always was only listening and nodding. I was hesitant to join the couple, they looked too engrossed in themselves, but Lola spotted me when I ascended the stairs and waved me over.
"Lucas after all managed to drag you out here," Matt said, looking at me with a grin.
"He seemed pretty excited about the trial." I sat next to Lola, taking off the bag from my shoulders and putting it on my lap. "It was hard to refuse."
"He does love football," Lola added.
"Did Lucas ask you two too?" I asked.
"He doesn't need to," Lola answered, and pointed a thumb at her boyfriend, "Matt here is a big football fan, so big that he sucked me into it too. We never miss our team's matches. Trials are kind of fun to watch too."
"Then why aren't you in team?" I looked past Lola to ask Matt.
"I have a heart condition," he answered, "hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, got it from my grandmother, and my cardiologist told me to avoid extreme physical exercise. Football involves lot of that, so I didn't join the team just to be on the safe side."
"Oh. I'm sorry."
"Don't worry, I'm not dying," Matt continued with a laugh, probably seeing my shocked face. "It's not that bad for me. I can still do normal exercise like jogging or workouts, just not anything high intensity. I have also made my peace with not being able to play, but I can't stop watching it."
I nodded with a smile. He did seem content with what he had. 
Lola gave Matt a small peck on his lips and leaned on his side. I turned my head to look in front, not wanting to intrude in their intimate moment. 
Soon my eyes started searching for Lucas in the field, and maybe also James. I didn't find either of them. 
"Lucas is not here yet," Lola said, making me face her for reading my mind. "Coach has asked him and James to show some plays for others. They both must be still putting on their gears in the locker room, like the lazy asses they are."
"They get a little leeway from Coach Martin." Matt pushed his glasses up. "James and Lucas are our best players and also our ticket to get this season's trophy. Coach knows that, so he goes easy on them."
"Isn't it a team sport? Why put only two people on a pedestal?" I challenged the notion.
"Nobody is putting anyone on a pedestal. Coach just doesn't breath down their necks, like he does with others. James and Lucas have been playing football since middle school, so they have his trust. But you can always expect him to whoop their asses if they ever cross the line. Martin takes his game seriously."   
"Very seriously," Lola joined in. "He even tried to put those two against each other for the quarterback position in the beginning of junior year, but James wasn't interested. They both are equally talented, but the game means more to Lucas. He wants to get in college on sports scholarship, and James, on the other side, admitted himself that he has no plans with football in future." She shook her head. "Why would he? Brat has rich parents and a successful business waiting for him to take over. He didn't give shit about being a quarterback or a captain, so Martin finally had to settle with Lucas."
That was a big ramble for quiet Lola, giving me new insight about the relationship between James and Lucas.  
"Now don't diss James." Matt wrapped his arms around her shoulders, and a small smile appeared on her face at the gesture. "He might want to study medicine like his mother. Probability seems high since it's the doctor's kids who become doctors."
"His older brother is already in med school. I'm pretty sure Mr. Haynes will not like his other son joining it too. Who'll look after his precious company?" 
I kept silence and soaked in new information about James. Even though I loathed him, a big part of me was curious and wanted to know everything about him. I reasoned that I wanted a leverage to stop him from going after me, but till now I found none and it only solidified the idea that he was perfect - minus the bullying part.
"Finally they're here," Matt said, and I turned my head at the field.
James and Lucas were walking to other guys. They were in their football gear and our team's black jersey with helmets in hands. Even in heavy equipment they managed to look suave. Coach Martin talked to them for a minute once they reached him. When he let them go Lucas looked at the bleachers and waved, his teeth shining from distance.  
I grinned and waved back. But my joy faltered when my eyes moved to James, who was standing behind him. I felt his penetrating gaze from across the field. 
After making remaining arrangements and lining up the candidates, tryouts began. In the beginning there was no tackling or one-on-one like I expected. Coach simply blew the whistle and made them run laps. He repeated the same exercise again and again. Then he made them run criss-cross about the long line of orange cones for at least five times. By the time those poor boys finished, they were drenched in sweat from head to toe, and their shirts and trousers sticking to the body.  
"He's testing their stamina and what's better than running," Matt commented. "Half of them are going to be rejected by now." And he was right, almost half of them left, panting and barely walking.
"Fun part is here," Lola said when Lucas was handed a ball. He had his helmet on. "They're going to perform a play."
He marched past a white line, twirling the oval ball in his hand. I saw James standing near midline, facing our side. My breath hitched as he looked up at us - or at me - before he put on his helmet.
Whistle blew and everything happened in a flash. Lucas was sprinting to the other side before he was tackled to the ground by James. I flinched at his fall. Even with all the padding it had to hurt a lot. I didn't know the game was this violent.
Matt oofed, and I looked at him. His nose was scrunched as he stared ahead. "James didn't have to go this hard just for the tryouts." 
"What do you mean?" My face whipped back to the field. James had his hand held out and Lucas was using it to stand up.
"Nothing. That tackle was more aggressive than it needed to be, maybe James didn't mean it."
Soon enough Matt was proven wrong. James totally meant it.
When Coach asked them to repeat the play, Lucas was once again harshly tackled, but the fool gave a thumbs up and was ready for another round. By the fourth fall he was having a hard time just to stand up. 
"Is James angry at Lucas?" I heard Lola. 
No, he's angry at me. And Lucas was taking the brunt. James made sure I knew that. His gaze had moved up to look at me every time before he jostled down Lucas.  
Fortunately Coach decided that four times was enough for others to learn the technique. Lucas began limping to the bench. Maybe seeing his condition, Coach had ordered him to sit it out. I frowned. He was looking forward to tackle the boys who had come for the trial, and even though I didn't understand his excitement, I felt bad.
It was all because of James.
Anger and anxiety flared inside me at the thought of the devil. He was so petty, going after his friend just to punish me. My grip on my bag tightened and I looked at him. His eyes were already on me as he nodded to Coach, who stood in front, speaking to him. My brows knitted to glare, and he smirked back.
This asshole!
It seemed James was now assigned Lucas's task of tackling others, and the boys didn't look happy about that after watching him pinning their quarterback so brutally. However, their fears were put to rest. When the first player took Lucas's place, wearing helmet and shoulder pads, James went easier on him, a lot easier. This angered me further.
The training continued for another hour. Coach used James and another one of his teammates to teach some other moves like kicking, handling and passing the ball. Football was not my forte, so I couldn't keep up with everything. But despite my rage I discerned that James was really good at it. His movements were swift and experienced, like he knew his opponent's mind better than himself. My eyes couldn't waver from him even if I wanted to. 
By the end of it only four sophomores made it to the team. They received pats at their back from their teammates as the initiation.
"Let's go see them," Matt said when Coach left and others started to clear. We all saddled our bags and went down to the field.   
I didn't want to face James, but as my luck had it, he was with Lucas, who was still sitting on bench with James standing over him. Their helmets were off and they were talking. I heard some of their words as we neared them.
"Don't bitch about it, they'll stop hurting by tomorrow," James said, making me scowl at how he was treating his friend. 
"I fucking don't care about that," Lucas spat.
"Oh yes, you wanted to be a big macho captain to those kids."
"It's better than being a jealous motherfucker like you-" He stopped when he saw us coming to them. 
James followed his friend's gaze, an angry frown marring his features as he turned his head to us.
"James and jealous?" Matt questioned once we reached them, his face lit up with amusement, moving between the two. "What is he jealous of Lucas?" I wanted to know that too, maybe Lucas's predicament was not on me after all. 
"Fuck off, Matt." James glared at him.
Lola rolled her eyes beside me.
Lucas let out a tired sigh. "It's nothing." He looked at me and gave a small smile. "Keily you came but I couldn't even show off. I'll make sure to compensate for that when you'll come to see our matches."
"Sure," I answered, trying to smile back at him. "I at least saw you run today. You were fast." A part of me felt guilty, wondering if he really suffered because of the conflict between James and me.
"What about me?" James asked, taunt seeping in his tone. His dark eyes were regarding me with challenge and enjoying my distress. "Did you enjoy my play Piggy?"
What an ass!
********
Chapter 10:

"I am going to apply for Learner's permit," I said, slurping my spaghetti, "and get my driver's license after a month. It'll be easier since I already know how to drive."
My parents looked at me from across the table. We were having dinner, spaghetti and meatballs prepared by my father, and it tasted nice. But my words paused all of us from enjoying its deliciousness.
"Someone's becoming adult," my mom commented, "first drinking, and now driving."
"Let's hope you don't mix the two together," Dad added.
"Can you let it go?" I groaned, and put my fork down. "I'm doing the dishes every night, aren't I?"
Like Dad had said when he came to pick me up from Addison's place, he let Mom decide my punishment for drinking at the party. Thankfully, she didn't make a lot of fuss and just handed me the task of washing dishes every night as my punishment. Dad and I both knew my mother was taking off her workload on me. But I couldn't complain, especially when she had a one-on-one with me about her teen years and assuring me it was okay to have a little fun, obviously with cautions. My drinking wasn't a big deal for her, maybe she already expected it from her teenage daughter, unlike my father, who probably thought I was on my way of becoming a homeless drunkard.
"You've done them only last night," Mom quipped.
"And I'll do them tonight," I reminded, "and also the countless nights to come."
"We let you get off easily." Dad shook his head, before biting down his meatball.
I frowned.
"She's 18, Will. We should let her act like it." My mother took my side, and I felt a little relieved, until she turned her gaze at me. "She should start making her own decisions, and in return I expect her to be responsible." Her tone telling me not to take my new freedom for granted.
"Thank you so much for that." I bowed my head mockingly. "And like a responsible 18-year-old I want to get my driving license."
"And soon like a bratty 18-year-old you'll ask us for an expensive car," my father said, but his tone was not serious.
"Buying a car just for my last year doesn't seem like a good investment. I am totally fine hitching rides with Addison, she doesn't mind it either. I just want to get license for emergencies. Also, it'd be nice to have it before college."
It was half-truth. During our ride back home from school, Addison had given me a heads-up that I'd be going out with her at lot of parties. I didn't want to be a drag that her and Sadhvi had to always carry around, that's why I wanted to get the license so I could share their duty of designated driver.
Dad had already taught me to drive back in Remington. But I hadn't had many friends to go out or make plans with, making me lazy to apply for permit. However, now after getting that bit of teenage normalcy, I didn't want to delay it any further and stuck out as a sore thumb among Addison and her friends.
I bet James would think of me as a loser for not having license.
Wait, why I care what he thinks of me?
"With the way things are progressing, by next week you're going to bring a boyfriend home." My mother gave a teasing smile which reminded me of Addison's. "You're being so mature."
"Don't put those ideas in her head, Karen," Dad spoke immediately, his mouth full and chewing, "she's too young for that sort of stuff."
"Will, please tell me you're kidding."
"I'm not," he retorted sullenly.
Mom sighed, before turning back to me with a curious face. "Tell me Keily, are there any guys in school that you're interested in?" Her voice was purposely high-pitched to annoy Dad. "I'm sure a cute girl like you must be getting lot of male attention. Is there anyone after you?"
Yeah, an asshole is after me but definitely not the way you want.
"Mom, I've been going to Jenkins for only a week, a very short time to spun a tale of high school love," I replied, "not that you're going to get any." 'Because I wasn't the boys' type,' I didn't add that part, too tired to hear them go on another tirade about accepting myself the way I was and not letting others bring me down. I knew what they said was right for the most parts, but to abide by those words in real life was hard, much harder when there were people like James who reminded you of your flaws so cruelly.
"Let's not talk about it anymore." I picked up my fork to get back to my meal, ending the awkward conversation about my barren love life.
My father nodded in agreement.
"I'm living with prudes," Mom muttered, shaking her head at us.
"If you need any help with forms, come to me." Dad brought us back to the original subject. "I'll also go with you for your driving test." I suspected his sudden change in heart had to do with the fact I sided with him just now.
"Thanks."
*******
I hummed 'All too Well' by Taylor Swift under my breath as I passed through the white-blue hallways of our school. The song had come up on radio when Addison was driving us to school, and like a masterpiece that it was, it got stuck in my head. My cousin, unlike other mornings, wasn't walking with me because she had to rush to submit her history assignment which was due yesterday, so Taylor's voice in my head compensated for her absence.
My singing stopped once I reached the hall having senior year's lockers. James was standing near his locker, smiling and talking to a cute petite brunette beside him. My jovial mood sulked at the sight.
James looked breathtaking like always, dressed in casual dark grey neck T-shirt -its long sleeves pulled up till his elbows- black jeans, and blue Air Jordans on his feet. His dark brown locks were little messy at the front, letting me know he hadn't used the gel today, but it didn't bring down his handsomeness one bit, in fact it gave him a rugged charm. The devil might lack in 'being-nice' department, but was definitely stocked in 'look-good' one.
When he chuckled at something the girl said, an unconscious frown etched on my face. It was astonishing how he looked such a pleasant and approachable person when chatting with her, but somehow turned so hostile with me. Sure he was a sourpuss, as Lucas liked to call him, with others too, but never to the point to insult them for no reason.
Is there something wrong with me?
James's eyes spotted me looking at him over the brunette's head. I immediately averted my gaze and sped to my locker, light blush coating my cheek at being caught checking him out. A jumble of curse went through my head as I started putting my stuff in locker. It was ridiculous how easily he could make me react. After hurriedly shoving things in my locker I shut it and took a long breath to calm myself. Don't think about that asshole.
I jumped when I turned around. James stood right in front, looking down at me in amusement and blocking my path. Very sadly, I had to admit he looked even more good from up close. His dark eyes skimmed down through my whole figure, making me self-conscious, before coming back up to my face.
It was too early in the morning to deal with him.
"James, I need to go," I managed to choke out, fighting back the redness that was ready to burst under his forceful gaze. I knew he was here just to toy with me. "Class is about to start soon." Fifteen minutes could count as soon, right?
"What's the hurry, Piggy?" He said, his tone taunting. "We still have plenty of time for you to ogle me." He smirked.
God, he's so infuriating!
"I'm not ogling anyone, especially not you." I countered immediately, my blush intensifying.
"Lying doesn't suit you." His smirk widened, studying my face. "Well, I've been taught to do charity sometimes. If you want, my offer from yesterday still stands-"
"Will you stop it?!" My patience snapped at the mention of his yesterday's offer, the one which he used to ridicule me and call me a 'fat slut'. "Never in my life I'd ever go for someone like you. So keep your disgusting charity to yourself!"
Everything from name-calling to hurting Lucas had built up and I finally found my voice to speak... or yell. To his every insulting word I had kept my mouth shut since day one, hoping he'd lose interest if I didn't react. But he was pushing the boundaries more and more.
"Watch your tongue Piggy before it gets you in trouble." Gone was the amusement. James's face distorted in a heinous scowl like I just slapped him, and I almost regretted my ramble. He stepped closer, making me instinctively take a step back and trapping myself between him and the lockers. He looked menacing. "All the fire you've got I can put it out in a second. I've been going easy. But once I decide to ruin you, even your precious Lucas won't be there after I'm done." I didn't doubt him in the slightest. He had the money, and social influence from being one of the best football players in a school where the game was worshiped. "So be careful."
"Why are you doing this?" I asked defeated.
"I am doing this because a girl like you needs to be put back in her place," he sneered. "Just because Lucas gives you some attention you are getting ahead of yourself. You don't belong with him."
"I've already told you we are just friends."
"It doesn't look like that to me."
"I don't care what it looks like to you," I mumbled, my eyes moving down. He's scary.
A finger came under my chin and lifted my face to meet his pitch black eyes. He was gloating, knowing he had squished me down once again. "You should start caring. You don't want to be the next person who I tackle to the ground." I hoped he meant it metaphorically because literally that would hurt a lot, but his mischievous expression told me he wouldn't mind it either way. "Understand?" His tone left no room for argument.
I begrudgingly nodded.
"Good Piggy." James let go of my chin and ruffled my hair like I was a pet he owned. He sure knew how to humiliate someone. "Now hop off. We don't want you to be late for your class." He stepped back, giving me my much-needed personal space.
With my head down and a bruised ego, I walked away to my class, feeling his piercing gaze on my back until I turned round the corner.
********
Chapter 11:

I rushed to the computer lab, internally dreading another encounter with James. This morning he had made it crystal clear he hated me. Well the feeling was very mutual, and also tiring. A significant part of my mind was spent on coming up with ways to avoid him, or mentally handling the insults he threw at me whenever we were in the same room, or simply just thinking about him in my free time even though when he wasn't there to torment me. It was exhausting.
When I reached lab I settled on my seat and opened the computer system in front of me. James's seat next to mine was empty, but it didn't provide me any relief and only build the anticipation of next. It was alarming how he was taking over my thoughts. I sighed at the ridiculousness of everything, before fiddling with the computer to pass the time. 
Seats started filling up but there was no sign of James. Soon the teacher showed up and he still wasn't here. Where was he?
Probably eating the souls of helpless puppies. I reminded myself to actually be relieved that he didn't show up. Lesser interactions we had, better it was.
Mrs. Green started her lecture and my jumbling mind finally got something to focus on. For the first time I felt relaxed in this class because James wasn't breathing down on my neck. When the last 15 minutes were left I expected Mrs. Green to give us small project related to today's topic like always, but instead she went on about something else.
"You all will be designing a website," our teacher began, and a faint groan came from the corner. She glared at the student before resuming. "Obviously we have barely started with the subject, I'm just giving you all a heads up. You'll design and develop a website using the tools that we study and submit it a month before the end of semester. To lessen the workload you all will work in pairs." No... "And also don't think you can just copy-paste the project from internet at the last minute. Main theme of your website will be given by me, and every week I'll be checking all of your progress. So get your disks or drives ready."
I internally groaned, a very big one. I didn't have any problem with the work, but partnering with someone was a huge headache. I preferred working alone because it gave me freedom to do things at my pace and how ever I wanted. Two brains were bound to have disagreements, and a pushover that I was I'd probably let the other person have their way.
Mrs. Green then started calling two students at a time and asked them to pick a sheet of paper among many which were overturned, hiding the text. Papers had the themes of website written on them. When she called the third pair I noticed she was assigning us partners along our seating arrangements. 
My luck can't be that bad.
Immediately I began counting the students before me, desperately hoping I didn't pair up with James. I couldn't handle working with him for almost an entire semester. Nope, never. 
However, it turned out my luck was indeed bad. I counted three times and each time I fell even with the empty seat beside me. Only consolation I could give myself was maybe Mrs. Green would find me another partner given that James was absent. 
"James and Keily," she called.
I stood up and walked to her table. "James is not here," I said. Please don't pair me with him.
She looked up. "Oh yes, James and Seth are training. Mr. Martin is going to get off early but he didn't want the boys to miss the practice, so he's conducting it now." Her voice didn't sound pleasant about Coach Martin's decision. "Inform James about this assignment. He's your partner." She gestured for me to pick a sheet.
"Can I pair with someone else?" I spurted, making Mrs. Green's eyebrows knit. Her mood was already sour.
"Why?"
"Uh-" Because he's an asshole.
She sighed as if she couldn't be bothered by me right now. "Keily, almost every student before you has asked me to change their partner. I refused them all and I'm refusing you. I get it James isn't very bright at coding and maybe that's why you don't want him. But it'll be a good opportunity for him to learn by working with you. Consider it as helping your fellow student." It wasn't my job to make that devil learn. "Don't worry about your grade, I'll make sure you won't share for his loss," she added. "Satisfied." No. "Now pick a sheet." 
Hiding my grimace I pulled out a sheet from the several stacks lying on her table. Our theme was to design a website for a coffee shop to display menu and place orders. So lame.
I plopped down on my seat when I reached back. My eyes moved to the paper clenched between my fingers. I frowned, cursing the whole universe for throwing me in the clutches of satanic wolf. Yes, James was the satanic wolf. And I couldn't seem to catch a break from him.
*******
"Match is next week and we still haven't settled on our routine," Sadhvi said, "Addison, it is catastrophic!"
"Don't be so dramatic." Addison took a bite of her pizza. "We just have to choreograph the last part."
"Exactly we haven't choreographed the last part!"
It was lunch and Lola, Addison, Sadhvi and I were sitting at our table, munching on our bland cheese pizza. Addison and Sadhvi were arguing about their cheer-leading routine. Lola was quiet as always, and my mind was too worked up about the computer project - that I had to do with James - to add in words in their conversation.
I still hadn't seen him since morning, so it was most likely he didn't know we were project partners. I would choose to keep it that way and do the whole work by myself if not for Mrs. Green checking up on us every week. Unfortunately I had to let him know. I bet he'd be as devastated as me if not more at the news. The guy loathed my mere existence.
I felt familiar feeling of being watched, making my head reflexively turn at the source. And there the devil was. James was walking through the cafeteria's door, his gaze fixed on me. His hair was wet, falling on his forehead, and I concluded it wasn't long ago their practice had ended and he came from the shower. Some other guys from team and Lucas were also with him. James and Lucas parted their ways from others and headed for their usual table with Matt, Axel and Keith.
Lucas spotted me and sent a small smile my way. I returned his smile, highly aware of James's penetrating eyes. His warning from morning loomed at the front of my mind.
My resolve to tell James about project faltered seeing his angry scowl. I'll probably talk to him later. Yeah, later was better, when he'd be less scary.
"Keily, why are you so quiet?" Addison said, snapping my attention back to the table. "Daydreaming about someone." She quirked her brows suggestively. She had seen me smiling at Lucas and was now teasing about him. Oh well.
I scoffed. "More like having nightmares."
"What happened?" Sadhvi asked, picking a slice of her pizza.
"I am partnered with James for the computer assignment," I answered, "and we have to work together for the entire semester. He doesn't know it yet because he was at practice during the computer class. God knows how he'll react, he can't even stand me. Working with him is definitely going to be a nightmare."
"That's bad." Addison shook her head. "James is already picking on you so much. It's likely he'll bully you into doing the whole assignment all by yourself." I wish. "Did you ask your teacher to change the partners?"
"Yeah, but she won't."
"Maybe it's time I finally do what you should've done days ago." Addison fisted her fingers, glaring in the direction of James. Thankfully he was busy talking with Matt to notice my cousin about to jump on him.
"Please don't." I sighed, holding her ready-to-knockout fist and putting it down. "Let's not cause a scene. I'll handle him." All three looked at me with raised eyebrows, telling me they didn't believe me. It's not like I could blame them. Whenever James picked on me in front of others, someone else had to come for my rescue. And my friends weren't even aware of the whole extent of his verbal abuse. I was that pathetic. 
"If you don't want Addison to punch him then you should do it yourself," Sadhvi said soberly. 
"I won't punch him!" I immediately refused.
"I was just kidding." A teasing smile broke out on her face. She was trying to lighten the mood. "But at least you should bitch-slap him." Seeing my frown she finally turned serious. "Okay, okay. Jokes aside, you really should stand up against him and not let him push you over. It's frustrating for all of us to see you like this. If I were you I'd make him cry so bad, mind you without using my hands. Even though I'm with Addison, it'll be sad to bruise that pretty face."
"Aren't you scared of him?" I asked, not digesting her words.
"Scared?" Addison grimaced. "What are you talking about? Sure the man got a whole bad boy vibe going, but nobody's scared of him. Keily, don't tell me you're afraid of him."
"Uhm..." 
Listening to girls I did realize they weren't intimidated by him. I reminisced their interaction with him and none of them had looked like ready to bolt at his sight, unlike me. But then again James never insulted them. I was the easy target because of my body.
"You both are so dense," Lola muttered, her eyes moving between Addison and Sadhvi. "You two aren't afraid of him because he didn't do anything to make you afraid of him. He never picked on you or bullied you, however he does that to Keily." 
"Well if he ever tries to bully me, I'll sock his teeth out." Addison shoved the remaining piece of her pizza in her mouth angrily.
Lola rolled her eyes. "I believe you Addison. But Keily isn't like you, she's little-" she paused, looking for a acceptable synonym of 'pathetic', "-timid and shy, a perfect prey for a bully." Lola gave me an apologetic smile. 
"James is too proud, arrogant, a big douche and many other things, but I never heard of him bullying someone," Sadhvi added curiously. "He usually keeps to himself." Her tray was now empty, reminding me of my half-eaten food, however I was too immersed in our conversation to care about it.
"I have my theory why he's after you Keily. Whenever you're around he always has something to say to make you react. He sort of enjoys to keep you on edge." Lola leaned back in her chair and crossed her arms, looking at me thoughtfully. Then she uttered most preposterous statement of the century. "He likes you."
What?!
I choked on my saliva.
Addison almost threw up food inside her mouth.
Sadhvi just sat still.
"That doesn't even make sense," I said, my cheeks tinting, "I think your theory is absolutely wrong. He hates me." How she got that idea was beyond me. It was clear as day he didn't harbor any feeling for me other than big dislike. You didn't insult people you like. Plus, someone who looked as good as James would never go for me. Not that I wanted him to.
"Last time I checked we weren't in kindergarten," Addison spoke, wiping her lips with a napkin. "Besides he dated River before. I never heard her complaining about him, until obviously after they broke up."
"River is with us in the cheer-leading team," Sadhvi told me. She turned to Addison. "From what I know River was the one who pursued him for over a month before they started dating. He had plenty of chances to put her down harshly yet he didn't. I mean I would know if something like that happened."
My cousin nodded. "Now that I think about it, I know many girls who have been into him. He does look handsome." No disagreement on that, but why were we discussing this.
"He also has clout because of football," Sadhvi added.
"And he's filthy rich which puts him higher on his high horse," Addison continued. "I guess he does have traits of becoming a bully, and resources to get a free pass from being one. But those traits can also attract a girl. No need to pick on a person you like."
"We should stop assuming he likes me," I interjected, "even thinking about it is very uncomfortable." I nibbled on my pizza to hide my blush as all three looked at me. Oh Lola, why did you put such a ridiculous idea in their minds.
"It doesn't matter if he likes you or not-"
"He absolutely doesn't," I interrupted.
"-he's being a douche and you should not put up with that." Addison finished.
Lola shrugged, showing she agreed with her, and Sadhvi nodded.
"And if you need help I'll be there little sis."
"Thanks." My lips lifted in a grateful smile. It wouldn't be so bad if I let my cousin punch James.
Lola and Addison got back to finishing their lunch. Sadhvi slurped her juice, returning to complain about Addison's lack of dedication for their cheer-leading.
My shoulders slumped tiredly. It had been only a week in Jenkins and my life had already started to become a mess. My eyes once again moved to the person responsible for it. Like he knew I was watching, his gaze moved to me too, fierce and menacing. I suppressed a gulp. Others weren't subjected to his frightening looks. They didn't know he could be very intimidating if he wanted to. But I knew.
And I had to do a stupid project with him. What a mess!
*******
Chapter 12:

Two days had passed and James still didn't know we were supposed to work together on the assignment. 
On Tuesday I hadn't got a chance in english class, which was after lunch, because he was too busy mocking me and the assignment slipped from my mind while being showered with his insults. Next day I spotted him at hallway with his football buddies. I decided I'd rather not be humiliated by him in front of other guys. Same old story was repeated in the classes with him, including the calculus where Lucas was also present. 
Thursday rolled around and we had computer class just after lunch. So I had finally decided to give him the dreaded news in lab. But he didn't show up. Lucas had told me because the match was next week Coach was carrying out more practices. Maybe that could be the reason for his absence. Mrs. Green definitely wouldn't be happy with Coach Martin making students skip her class twice, not that she could do much about it in a school where football was put on a high pedestal. 
I couldn't catch James later. Or I could've, if avoiding him like a plague didn't seem much appealing.
Okay, the lack of communication was partially my fault.
Tomorrow was Friday. It was better to not stretch and let him know before the weekend. 
Right now I was in my bedroom drawing the layout of our website on a notebook, already starting on a project that my partner didn't even know about. After dinner I couldn't sleep so I decided to get some work done. Designing the site was kind of soothing and calmed down my overthinking. I made sure not to overdo with styling and features and keep it simple for a high school project. I had already looked at different websites of restaurant and cafes for ideas and general color schemes. 
My phone lying beside me on bed beeped. I opened it and saw a text from an unknown number.
"When were you planning to tell me about the project, Piggy?"
I read the text at least five times. There was only one person who called me 'Piggy'. James. No no no! How did he get my number?!
I was almost ready to flung my phone out of the window when it beeped again.
"Or were you planning to do it all by yourself to get the credit?"  
I didn't realize I had stood up from my bed and was pacing the room. Yeah, he made me that nervous.
"James?" I texted back to confirm it was him. Of course it's him Keily.
"So smart. Want a candy for getting it right." I could picture the angry taunting look on his face.
"How did you get my number?"
"I have my resources. So are you going to answer me why you didn't tell me we are project partners?" 
I needed to get the damage under control before freaking out.
"I was going to tell you. I just didn't get the chance."
"So you're saying after all the times you saw me you didn't get a chance to relay the small information to me." He had a point.
I just stared at the screen, fumbling inside my mind to come up with some believable reason. Before I could type, another message from him arrived. 
"I'll see you at school Piggy." His threatening tone rang in my ear saying this.
No other text came from him after, but the fear of facing him tomorrow had already settled in me. The notebook I was drawing on was lying on the floor upturned. I picked it up and threw it on the study desk. Even my favorite hobby couldn't calm me now. I sprawled on my bed and started imagining million ways James would use to torment me.
Oh heck! What did I get myself into?
*******
The moment I stepped inside the school my senses became hyper aware. My eyes darted everywhere for any sign of James. My plan to survive James's wrath was to avoid him as much as possible. It wasn't a great plan since we shared classes but it at least procrastinated my encounter with him. 
Addison as always was walking with me to lockers. She was on about her track competition next month. I was listening and trying to add in few words to not make her suspicious about my hay-wired brain.
My cousin's excited talk stopped registering once I saw James standing at his locker. Our eyes met and a strong blush coated my cheeks. If he didn't look so terrifying I'd probably admire how handsome and impeccable he looked. He was in a dark grey t-shirt and navy blue jeans, both branded and expensive, complemented by Christian Louboutin black boots. His rich boy image was completed by his gelled-to-perfection dark brown locks. 
James's eyes scanned me from head to toe, making me squirm in self-consciousness. His glare intensified once they came up back to my face. Oh, he was angry. To my horror, he shut his locker and started walking toward us. Angrily.
So much for avoiding him.
I am dead.
By the time he reached us, my face was already flaming bright red and my body had turned clammy. His blazing gaze only catalyzing my nervousness.
"Someone's not having a good morning," Addison commented.
James's glare moved from me to her. "Well I think today I have right to be little peachy," he gritted, before turning his furious eyes on me. "Someone kept a very important message to themselves which could affect my grades."
"I swear I was going to tell you today about the project," I immediately said. I felt Addison's eyes on me from side.
His brows knitted further. "You had two days Piggy." He moved closer. "Instead I come to know that there's a project and you're my partner from Seth."
"Why are you making such a big deal out of it?" Addison came in my defense but she didn't sound too forceful like usual. I guessed even she thought it was my fault.
"Don't give me bullshit Addison. If same thing happened to you, you'd be shouting at the top of your lungs right now. You know how much credit and GPA mean to get into college. That project carries at least 25% of our score."
My cousin pursed her lips.
"I wasn't going to keep anything from you," I jumped in, "Mrs. Green is going to check our project every week, so it's not like I'd succeed in it."
In reply I received a reprimanding look from James.
"Don't worry. I have already started on it," I blurted out, and it was a mistake.
"You started without me!" James yelled, making me flinch.
"Don't talk to her like that." Once again Addison spoke from my side. "If anything you should be glad. You were going to make her do the whole work anyway." She huffed.
"Addison, she has our own mouth," James said, "and don't make ridiculous assumptions. I don't trust her to do the whole project by herself." Okay, that line of thinking was ridiculous when he was the one who wasn't good at coding.
I held Addison's arms stopping her from hurling another comeback. Asshole as James was, this time it was my fault and Addison shouldn't have to burden herself with protecting me from him. 
"Look I'm sorry James," I began, and his scary demeanor faltered a little. "It was wrong of me to not tell you earlier. I'll text you all the details of project-" I mean we already had each other's numbers, "-and we'll do it together." No matter how much I didn't want to.
"You should be sorry." James gave me a mean look but his glare wasn't sharp like before. Accepting my mistake had a desired effect and he didn't look like he wanted to jump on me anymore. "I'll talk to you later Piggy." He threw a quick glance at Addison before storming away.  
I released a sigh of relief once his back disappeared around the corner. 
"That was so tense," Addison quipped. "For a second even I was scared." We started walking.
"Well, he is scary." 
"No, not like that. He is always mean, but I rarely see him intense like that, maybe sometimes during matches."
"What are you trying to get at?" I frowned. "He's always like that."
"Really. Maybe he's always like that to you. I guess Lola was right that he has something for you." Not this again.
"Let me make a guess what that 'something' can be," I chirped with mock enthusiasm, "disgust and hate." I deadpanned.
"I don't blame you for thinking like that, he acts like an ass." She chuckled. "Be safe while working on your project together with him. And if he continues his assery be cute just like you did now, he'll melt... Okay maybe he won't melt melt, he's too much of a bastard for that. I think in the end you have to rely on good old punches-"
"What do you mean by being cute just now?" I cut her off. 
"Didn't you notice how he became thousand times less intimidating the moment you said sorry?" Addison gave an amused smile. "I can't blame him. You sounded so cute and looked so cute with a blush, that even made me gooey. Keep that trick under your arm just in case." 
What is the meaning of this world anymore?
"I don't get it- I wasn't even trying to-" I choked on my words seeing her smirk. Ahh. Sisters are so infuriating. "What is it with you trying to ship me off with guys?! I am very satisfied with my singlehood."
"Oh Keily, it's my duty as a sister to look for your potential suitors. And don't worry I still ship you with Lucas." She winked at me.
I could only groan.
After teasing me more Addison finally parted her ways and we went to our respective classes. In between classes I texted James about the project as promised. The day gradually dragged by but my attention at lectures wasn't at its best. Lola's crazy theory about James and my cousin's remarks had managed to latch onto my mind. Every time I caught sight of him in school hallways or cafeteria I felt my eyes staying on him a little longer, and finding his dark ones right there to meet mine. Sometimes there was fluttering in my stomach, which I chalked down to fear and nervousness.
Did he really like me? The question swarmed through my thoughts many times. I blamed the girls for putting the ridiculous idea in me. It was silly.
When I saw him at calculus class I hoped my face didn't reveal those absurd thoughts. Lucas wasn't here yet. Keeping my eyes anywhere but him I aimed for my desk. 
"Piggy," James called as I was passing by his seat. I paused and looked at him. The amusement dripping from his face warned me he was up to no good. "You mentioned you already started on the project."
I nodded.
"What did you do?"
"I only half-drew the layout of website," I answered.
"You're fast," he taunted, his lips lifting in a barely noticeable smirk. I didn't know what I preferred angry devil or up-to-no-good asshole. "I'm going to be busy next week because of the match. Even the coming days are going to be hectic as season is starting next month. I don't think I can do much work with you on project in school.-" Was he dumping the whole work on me? "-But I can make time after school. I decided we should work at each other's house. That's more efficient."
I rather have him dumping the whole project on me.
My reluctance must be evident on my face because his amused expression only arose.   
"We should meet tomorrow and complete that layout. So your place or mine?" James didn't even bother to hide his smirk at the innuendo.  
Resigning myself to the devil I settled on a safer choice as that was the only say I was getting in this matter. "Mine." 
********
Chapter 13:

I hurriedly folded my laundry splattered on the bed, eyeing the mess that my room was. The blanket was huddled into a lump at other corner of bed, top of my dresser was cluttered with old-age lipsticks and eyeliners - borrowed from my Mom and rarely used, the study table had bundles of worn-out books ready to fall down at single touch, and shiny wrappers of chocolates and chips, which I had gorged on last night, peeked out of a small dustbin beneath the table. I should definitely get rid of those wrappers before James arrives.
At 4:30 pm of Saturday evening I had woken up from my afternoon nap and found a message from James - sent almost two hours ago - that he'd be at my house by five. That was enough for me to jump out of bed to fix my tornado-stricken room. Last thing I needed was to be judged by him for my messy way of living. My parents were enough for that. I wished I could incorporate Addison's minimalist lifestyle, but unfortunately I was too much of a hoarder.    
With the way I was running around room I was sure I had lost few pounds. By the time I finished cleaning it was ten minutes past five. With a tired sigh I sat down on my bed waiting for James to show up. It was good he was running late.
I chose my house for doing our work because it felt safer with my father downstairs. Also James already knew the way after he dropped me home from ice-cream parlor last Friday, which saved me an awkward car ride with him. There was no way I could go on his turf, not knowing how he'd treat me when we were alone.
Yet I was still dreading his arrival.  
"Keily!" Dad's voice boomed from downstairs, cutting my thoughts. "Your friend is here." Speak of the devil...
I immediately stood up and looked at the dresser mirror to fix my hair. 
What the hell I'm wearing?!
I was in my oversized hello-kitty pink top and white-purple striped pajamas. In all the chaos I forgot to change out of my bed clothes. I didn't want that bully to see me like this. It was too vulnerable. But there was no time to change, so instead I patted down my hair and made way to living room, concealing my embarrassment.
My nerves jumped on seeing James standing near the front door with my dad. He was wearing camouflage colored jacket with a plain white shirt underneath and brown cotton trousers, and carrying a backpack on his shoulders. His dark curls weren't slicked with gel, giving a graceful messy look. The guy knew how to dress.
On hearing my footsteps James's eyes moved from Dad to me. I flushed when they trailed down my body discreetly. Compared to him I felt so under-dressed and his piercing gaze only added to my embarrassment.
"Keily," my father said, getting both of our attention. He was looking at me. "You didn't tell me your project partner is son of Ronald Haynes." He must've sensed confusion on my face because he continued. "Last year I was on the team to design their company's software, the one for motor stimulation." I did remember that project as it was one of the few which I couldn't help Dad with because they were way out of the scope of my knowledge.
"Oh," I mumbled. So his father once employed my father. Great!
"I shouldn't keep you kids." Dad turned back to him and James returned a charming grin. My eyes almost bulged out of socket when my father smiled, completely smitten by the asshole. He was never this friendly with strangers. "Go ahead." My father patted his shoulder as if they hadn't just known each other for a couple of minutes.
I bet Dad wouldn't be so chummy with James if I told him about all the insults he had hurled at me. I was tempted to but bringing adults into teenage drama wasn't always a good call. Last time I did that in my previous school, my parents had bombarded into Principal's office - who didn't even made a half-ass effort to stop the bullying. It only ended up giving me a reputation of snitch among my peers and alienated me further. Plus, I didn't want to give that devil the power of knowing he scared me to the point of hiding behind my parents. I am eighteen for god's sake!
James nodded and walked inside, and stood in front of me. Without saying a word, I started for upstairs. He followed.
"Keep the door unlocked!" Dad's voice rang behind us.
I grimaced, imagining the smug smile of boy behind me.
"Your dad seems alright," James commented once we were out of his earshot.
"Yeah," I replied nonchalantly, but inside I was bursting with nervousness. James Haynes is in my house!
When we reached the small hallway, his steps slowed down. I turned behind to find him looking at our family pictures hung on walls. I cringed when he looked at the pictures of my younger self. I had always been a chubby kid and seeing how James always body-shamed me, I felt self-conscious.
I cleared my throat to gauge his attention and walked faster. I got it I was a fat kid, but he didn't need to gawk at those photos like I was an alien.
I opened the door to my room, very aware of his presence behind me. I was inviting my nemesis to my private space. The lemon yellow walls of the room greeted us. It was a good idea to clean my room beforehand because James's eyes wandered to every corner, studying everything. His gaze paused at my study desk, which had a framed picture of me with my parents taken back in Remington's amusement park and also some of the novels I was currently reading - now stacked neatly.
"Do you want to see the website's layout?" I asked, standing in front of him and cutting short his sight. I felt oddly unsettled with the way his curious eyes took in my room.
James looked down at me and I took a step back, realizing we were too close. He smirked at my movements.
"Sure, let's see what you designed." He strolled past me to my desk, threw his backpack on the floor, pulled out the chair, and sat down like he owned the place. At least there was no need for me to say 'get comfortable'. "Bring your notebook," he ordered, treating me like a servant who was here to do his bidding.
I walked to him, and opened the drawer attached to study table and hastily took out the pink colored notebook. I sat down on bed after handing it to him.
"You did a bad job. I don't like it," James said barely a minute later after going through my drawing.
I frowned. "What you don't like about it?"
"Everything." This asshole!
I kind of worked hard on that, so him dismissing it like a snob was pushing my buttons. "I am pretty sure it's better than what you could've done," I mumbled annoyed.
He lifted his brows, but instead of anger at my back-talking there was amusement. "Aww Piggy, did I hurt your feelings?" He smirked. "Don't take it to heart, I was kidding. Your design isn't bad enough to not fly with Mrs. Green."
I replied with a weak glare which only ended up making him chuckle. I found myself liking his carefree laugh even though I was annoyed.
He seemed to be in good mood today.
James took out laptop from his backpack and settled it on his lap. "Let's work with what you got. We'll keep designing rest as we code. That's more efficient."
I nodded, eager to get on with work and wave him out of my house as early as possible.
There was only one chair in room so we both had to sit on my bed side by side. James didn't mind it at all, in fact he was the one who asked me to scoot over and make space for him on the single bed.
As James sat beside me with folded legs I became too aware of my body, how much space I occupied or my flabby thighs that were brushing against his knee.
"Piggy." His breath hit my ear and I almost jumped. That was the final nail in coffin and my whole face turned red with embarrassment.
I dared to look at him, expecting his usual gloating smile but was taken aback by his piercing eyes. My blush intensified thousandfold and his pupils dilated. Like a domino effect my stomach started flip-flopping inside and my skin buzzed with excitement. His gaze swept through my whole face, lingering on my lips. I realized I was doing the same, studying his dazed dark eyes, Grecian nose, high cheeks and slightly plump lips.
He's beautiful...
Shocked by my thought, I immediately backed away from him.
Where did that come from Keily?! And when did we move that close?
I looked at James who was frowning at me like a brat. He looked, dare I say, disappointed. My jerky movement had broken whatever the spell we were under. I'd be lying if I say I didn't share his feeling, but it was better than the after guilt if we had continued... whatever we were doing.
He hated me, I reminded myself to purge that disappointment.
"I've not even done anything to you yet Piggy and you're so jumpy," James said, assholish smirk returning on his lips. "Almost makes me want to do something and see how high you can jump." Yup, he was back.
I looked down at my lap. "Please don't." I winced at how small I sounded. "Let's not start with it."
"Yeah, let's not. Unfortunately, we have work to do." James sighed, opening the laptop. "We can have our fun later," he added mischievously.
We finally started working on our project. James suggested different color schemes and other minor changes on the website while I coded. To be honest his choices were better than mine, he knew pallets which attracted customers' attention. At some point he took laptop from me to code, but that didn't last because he kept forgetting tags. However his eyes never wavered from screen, keeping tab on everything I was doing.
"You're good at coding," he commented once.
My fingers paused on keys at the compliment. "Uh... thanks."
"Now work," he ordered, "we need to add two more menus." So bossy, no doubt he was a son of businessman.
Two hours later our home page was ready. By then we were leaning against backrest with our legs sprawled out.
"I guess that's enough to show Mrs. Green next week," I said looking at the web page.
"Yeah."
I turned to him and found him already staring at me. Not wanting the repeat of last time I avoided his eyes and went back to the screen.
I handed him back his laptop after saving the file and shutting it down. "Now you should go."
James chuckled. "Not a very hospitable person, are you?"
"I don't want you to be late." I lifted myself off the bed.
"You just want to get rid of me." James grinned before standing up to pack his stuff.
"You can't blame me for that," I muttered under my breath turning away from him.
A strand of my hair was pulled back, raising my head. "But I'll make sure you never get rid of me Piggy." James whispered in my ear from behind and I stilled at his nearness. "I'm going. For now." With that he backed away and left.
********
Turned out James only left my room, not my house. When he reached downstairs my mom was home and she invited him for dinner, berating me for not doing the same.
So here I was sitting at dinning table with a chicken casserole on plate in front of me and James Haynes next to me. My father was already swept off by him the moment he revealed he was son of Mr. Ronald Haynes. And now with the way he was having such a pleasant conversation with my mom, soon she'd be swooning at him too. Or she already was.
What a charmer!
"Aside from computer any other classes you share with Keily?" Mom asked James.
"We have english and calculus together." James smiled and took spoonful from his plate. His movements were very elegant.
"So you two must be friends."
He threw a quick glance at me. "I hope so," he said after swallowing.
I scowled.
"Then I must ask you to look after Keily. She's-"
"Mom don't do it again," I whined, cutting her off. "I don't need a babysitter. Besides you already hired Addison for that."
"Keily, your mother is only looking after you," Dad said, his reprimanding tone telling me to behave in front of our guest.
"Sorry." I looked down at my half-eaten plate.
"Don't worry I'll keep an eye on Pi-Keily Mrs. Harris," James quipped, flashing his charming grin. Ass! He looked at my father. "By the way Mr. Harris I need recipe for this casserole. It's delicious."
"You cook?" Mom took words right out of my mouth.
"Of course," James replied. When he noted table was quiet he continued. "My parents spent most of the time with their jobs so my brother and I learned to take care of ourselves pretty early. No hard feelings against them since they are making money for us. And we also have maids and servants to do chores. But sometimes I like to prepare my own meals to make sure I'm bulked up for football matches. Plus, cooking is an important life skill which everyone should know."
So he wasn't a complete spoiled brat.
"You are a very smart young man James," my mother swooned.
"I'm glad you're Keily's partner," Dad added, "she'll definitely benefit from your company."
James looked at me and smiled, his eyes glinting with mischief. "I'm sure she'll be beneficial for me too."
Ugh.
*******
Chapter 14:

"Oh God, that bastard had your parents eat out of his hand." Addison laughed.
"I don't know if my parents are gullible or James is just that good," I huffed. My hands moved through the dozen of dresses hanging in front of us on a stand. I frowned at their small sizes.
"At least he behaved," Sadhvi added with a grin.
Addison and Sadhvi had invited me to join them on their shopping spree. It was our girls' day of going through different stores in different malls, and pigging out on street food in between. Lola couldn't make it as she already had a family thing planned out.
Right now we were at the third store of the day, searching for party dresses. So far Addison and Sadhvi had tried out million of outfits, but bought none even though they looked fabulous in most of them. Meanwhile, I just desperately looked for something decent in my size. No wonder I wasn't a shopping enthusiast.
Finding right clothes for me was like searching for a treasure in remote island. Every time I liked something, turned out it wasn't available in my size, and by some rare chance if it was, the outfit lost all its beauty once I put it on. A very hard work had been put into getting the clothes that I owned by my mother, and I was thankful for that because they were pretty okay. God knows how she did that.
I wish I wasn't fat. Life would be much easier if I wasn't.
Even though I didn't like shopping I was here because my closet lacked party clothes and an after-game party was coming up on Friday. The kids of Bradford sure partied a lot. I didn't want to repeat outfits so I decided to put my pocket money to use and buy something. But it looked like I wasn't going to spend a lot.
"You could've told your parents about him picking on you," Addison said, putting a baby blue off-shoulder top on hanger in front of her and looking at the mirror, "that would've bring down his charm a notch."
I had narrated the yesterday's incident involving James visiting my house, cutting out the part where he and I acted weird and were about to... um... kiss? Agh, I don't know what we were about to do! Girls already had their theories and I wasn't going to add fuel to them, especially when I myself couldn't grasp what was happening.
"I don't know," I replied, "it seemed silly ratting him out to my parents. I don't want to look childish." Also I didn't want James to think of me any more of a coward than he already did.
"I kind of get it. Sometimes parents can complicate stuff." Addison put the top back.
"Especially when they still treat you like a 12-year-old," Sadhvi agreed. I guess she had her own experiences.
Sadhvi picked out a dress from the stand where I was digging. I felt envious how easily she found her size. "I'm going to try this one." She waved the dress at us before strutting off to changing room.
"Did you find anything?" Addison asked me.
I shook my head. "There's nothing good in my size."
Sadhvi and her had set aside few clothes for themselves in previous stores, not buying them yet as they wanted to look through all the options available at other places. I was the only one left who hadn't find anything to even consider.
"Let me help." Addison stood beside me and rummaged through the same stand. When she didn't find anything she moved to cluster of clothes on another stand. And then another. After the fifth pile she huffed and glared at the mannequin, who was clad in beautiful summer dress and posing with one hand on her hip. "This place is garbage."
"You don't have to curse the place. This always happens. It's not easy to find clothes for me." I sighed, sitting down on a leather stool.
"Don't deprecate yourself because of this shitty store. Even I can't find anything good here. These people fudge up the size a lot. Small, medium, large everything is fucking same."
"How does it look?" Sadhvi walked out of the changing room and stood in front of us in the satin tube dress reaching her mid thigh. The dress complimented her figure and she looked very beautiful.
"It's pretty. You should-"
"Change out of it," Addison interrupted me, "we're going to Vian's."
Sadhvi blinked in confusion. "I thought you were short on money."
"Keily can't find anything good here and neither can I. I'll buy one less skirt, but at least other things would be worth it."
Sadhvi nodded before turning to me. "Vian's perfect for you." She grinned. "It's a little expensive but they have very good section for plus size. You'll love it." With that she trailed back to where she came from. A minute later we were on the road.
I tried to not get my hopes too up for Vian's, but it was hard when Addison and Sadhvi were praising it throughout our car ride. And once we stepped inside the store I understood what they were talking about. They had more choices than all the shops we had visited combined, fabric of clothes was also of much better quality, and most importantly they were stocked with outfits in my size. Heck, even the ambiance of place was different, good different.
"Told you that you'll love it," Sadhvi chirped from behind as I was checking out the red skater skirt.
"Thanks for bringing me here." I smiled. Things were definitely more priced here, but fortunately my months worth of savings could accommodate that.
"Why don't you try it?" Addison said, looking at the skirt in my hand.
"Okay."
"Wait. Put this on too." Sadhvi stopped me and handed me a top, then rushed me to changing room.
Addison's eyes widened and Sadhvi gasped when I stepped out and stood in front of them. The top that Sadhvi had given me was a black halter neck, having intricate woven designs at the collar. I had tucked it inside the red skirt which reached a couple of inches above my knees. Although my arms and legs looked stocky I still overall liked how it fitted me.
"You're so getting that," Addison said.
"You don't have to say." I grinned.
We looted the store till six in the evening, finally shopping. In addition to previous outfit I bought a navy blue cocktail dress, black block-heeled sandals, and a peach cardigan just because it looked so pretty. Addison got herself a pair of denim shorts and a shimmering blue crop top. My cousin wanted more stuff but ran out of money as she had already spent on online shopping last month. Sadhvi picked a mini skirt, a frilled maroon shirt, a leather jacket for coming winter, and pink loafers.
"I can't believe a place like this actually exist." I almost shrieked. We were exiting the store to get something to eat. Circling the whole shop 100 times and running in and out of changing rooms had left three of us famished. "My mom will freak out once I tell her about this store."
"Remington didn't have anything close to Vian's?" Sadhvi asked.
"They have small boutiques but nothing close to this. I can barely find things in my size in common stores." I didn't have a partying lifestyle at Remington so my visits to boutiques were limited to once or twice. Most of the times I needed casual clothes and shopping for them was a disaster because of small range of sizes.
Addison unlocked her Volkswagen. "No wonder you're so conscious about your body," she muttered before entering inside.
Her remark took me aback for a second. Maybe she was right. Maybe uneasiness while purchasing clothes was one of those several things I faced in Remington that left me thinking my body wasn't desirable.
******
I felt good, kind of happy. There was a little bounce to my steps as I was walking to my locker after the class. This morning when I was about to leave for school Dad had handed me the mail which said I passed the test for learner's permit. I took the written test on last Thursday at town's driving center. Five days later I had the result along with papers, approving me to drive on roads with an adult.
I knew it wasn't a big deal. I just had the learner's permit, not even the driving license. However, after having such a good time on Sunday with Addison and Sadhvi, finding great outfits, and now this good news, this week things were looking up for me.
A month later I'd be a full-fledged legal driver. Yeah!
I opened my locker and started arranging my stuff for the next class.
"BOO!"
I jumped, hitting my hand on the inside wall of locker. After catching my breath, I turned around to find Lucas with a wide grin on his face, and James standing behind him with facial expression completely opposite to his friend's.
"Why did you do that?" I glared at Lucas, trying to ignore James, who was burning me with his stare.
"You were here and I wanted to." Lucas shrugged, his grin still intact. Idiot.
I shook my head. "You do realize people can die from shock." I turned back to my locker to get my stuff, and also to avoid James's scowl. What's he doing here anyway?
"But you haven't," Lucas countered.
"For all you know, I could." I tucked my calculus book inside my bag.
"Then there'd one less pig in the world." James's gruff voice ended our banter. "Now hurry up. I'm not in the mood for Penson's long speech about punctuality." He sounded annoyed.
Then go, no one's stopping you.
We had calculus together in less than 10 minutes.
I slammed my locker shut and swiveled around, giving a tight smile to Lucas. "Let's go." I stepped ahead of them. The joyful skip of my feet had now turned into stomping. Leave it to Asshole to ruin my happy vibes.
I heard Lucas cuss at him before they both joined me on my either side. Lingering glances were thrown our way by other students, however I tried to ignore them. They were inevitable since a fat girl was walking with two most coveted boys of the school. But at the same time with my 5'3 stature I felt like a midget between two six-foot-something giants.
"So you heard about the after game party on Friday, right?" Lucas shifted closer to me.
"Yeah. Addison told me about it." I knew James was eyeing us quietly. His warnings regarding Lucas and my relationship were always at the front of my mind whenever us three were together.
"So you're coming to game and the party," Lucas declared.
"What if you guys lose the game? Will there still be party?"
"If we lose then we'll have to party harder to get over it."
"That's the spirit." I smiled despite the devil on my other side.
"But there's one problem Keily and I need your help," Lucas said, his lips jutting out into a fake pout, "James here isn't letting us throw party at his house. I'm trying to succumb him to peer pressure and agree. Will you be peer number 12, after our whole team, to pressure him to host party at his house?"
What made him think that I'd be of any help in persuading James?
"Shut up Lucas!" James scolded Lucas, but it was me who flinched at his sharp tone.
"C'mon Keily ask him?" Lucas said to me, completely ignoring James.
"I'm sure he has his reasons," I replied, "you shouldn't force him." I didn't want any part in this conversation.
"No he doesn't. His Mom is going to be in hospital for her shift, and his father is leaving on Friday morning for two days. He has the whole house to himself. And Mr. and Mrs. Haynes don't even mind it as long as we don't party when they are home. I get it they need their home quiet to rest after their long hours of work.
"I wish you were at the parties that James hosted last year. One was after we won the championship and other at new year's eve. His house has pool, gaming room, and also the mini basketball court. Oh, the bets we made on that court are hilarious.
"Keily, it's actually going to be for your benefit if James throws party at his house. You'd love it there and especially that big swimming pool."
"She won't even show up at the party if it's in my house." James snorted. "Seth has no problem in hosting, let him do it." He was right.
No matter how enticing the big house with swimming pool was, I wouldn't step inside the devil's house just to party. I mean it'd be so strange drinking and dancing at the house of your bully. And if by some miraculous stupidity on my side I showed up at James's party, he'd throw me out himself before I could cross the threshold.
Lucas's face fell, but after a thoughtful minute a smug smile replaced it. "I'm sure if you ask Keily nicely she'll come. There's no need to disappoint us all because you care so much about her attending the party."
"Shut your mouth Parks," James warned, but he was ignored.
Lucas stepped in front, blocking the way and stopping us. He looked at me. "Promise him you'll come at the party if it's in his house."
"Uh..."
"I swear you won't regret it." His big eyes bore into mine.
I shifted my weight from one foot to another, a blush rising on my face. At this moment, I hated Lucas so much for putting me on the spot.
"What are you doing?" James asked, and I noted curiosity in his tone instead of anger. No no no no.
"I have a feeling you don't want Keily to miss the party, that's why you're not opening the gates of your heaven house for us," Lucas answered.
I peeked a glance at James. His eyes were already on me, and a smirk on his lips that warned me of incoming trouble. Of course the asshole was enjoying my discomfort. He reveled in it, fed on it like a demon.
"Your feeling is very wrong," he told Lucas, "but now that I think about it I don't want to deprive a newcomer from the fun of my parties. It'll be a shame. So if Piggy promises to come, after-game my house it is."
"Of course, she promises," Lucas said immediately. "Right?" He looked at me with so much hope that my single no could shatter his life.
I turned to James, who raised his eyebrows, awaiting my reply. Somehow peer pressuring James had turned into peer pressuring me, and I was caving.
"Yeah." I caved. "I promise." What's wrong with you Keily?!
"Yes!" Lucas fist-pumped the air, attracting more glances from others.
"We have a class to get to," James said casually, side stepping Lucas and walking past us.
*******
Chapter 15:

Jenkins High was crazy about football.  
Bleachers at our school's ground were stuffed, not an inch of space between two people. I had spotted some unfamiliar faces among the crowd too, which Matt told me were the students from Westview High school, our rival tonight. Field was brimming with loud cheers and chatters. Many wore black t-shirts having our school's logo, and some even held banners with slogans cheering for the team. The atmosphere was very lively, and I got the feeling as if I was part of something big. 
I had never witnessed this much enthusiasm for the most anticipated games in my previous school, much less just a friendly match, that was happening today in Jenkins. People here took football very seriously.
"You look pretty," Lola said, smiling at me. Matt, her and I were sitting at the bleachers. It was five in the evening and game was about to begin. "I like the skirt. Did you buy it with Addison and Sadhvi?"
"Yeah." I nodded, blushing a little at her compliment. I was wearing the halter neck top and red skater skirt which I bought with girls on Sunday, and added denim jacket over because days had started to become windy. "Thanks. You look good too." She really did, dressed in all black with Metallica t-shirt tucked inside her high-waisted jeans. It suited her mysterious persona.
After game we were going to huddle at James's house to party, so everyone was dressed for the occasion.
My dad was apprehensive about letting me go to another party, but once I mentioned it was at James's place his complaints toned down. Even though things worked in my favor, I didn't like how my parents were so impressed by him.
Dad had nothing to worry about anyway. I wouldn't drink at party tonight because I offered myself as the designated driver for Addison and Sadhvi. I had the learner's permit, and Addison assured me it was enough in Bradford if I could drive well and didn't get in any trouble. Couple years back she herself had driven through the whole town with only learner's licence.
Another reason I wanted to remain sober was to not let my guards down. I might be going to Wolf's den, but it didn't mean I wanted to be eaten alive. Last time was enough at Keith's house when James had spewed degrading words at me. This time I'd keep my head straight and avoid him, instead of instigating him by doing something stupid... like kissing Lucas.
"I heard you convinced James to throw party at his house." Lola looked at me. I noted teasing glint in her honey brown eyes.
"No, I didn't. It was Lucas. I just agreed when James offered to host party at his place if I come," I mumbled, making sure only she heard me. Matt was busy chatting up with a boy sitting beside him, and fortunately there was too much noise around us for him to filter out my words even if he heard.
"That's even more interesting." Lola bit down her lips to hide a smirk. "Still think my theory was wrong." My face flushed, and she leaned into me, probably sensing my discomfort at having this discussion when Matt was just on her other side. "Keily, James might have a messed up way of showing it, but I think he likes you."
"No, he doesn't," I hissed, surprising both her and myself at my strong denial. I was tired of hearing the same thing, and the worst part was I had started believing it, but I needed to deny her words for the sake of my sanity. I didn't want to build castles in air, only to see them crumbling down if Lola's 'theory' was wrong - which by the way was very likely. "He just played along with Lucas and decided to have party because he enjoyed my reluctance at going to his place. James only likes calling me names and enjoying my misery."
"And why do you think he only likes doing that to you?"
"Because I'm fat and he's one of those assholes who loves to pick on that!" I whisper-yelled, my emotions getting better of me. "I've faced many people like him, and last thing I expect them is to have a crush on the person who they call 'piggy', 'whale', or whatever insult that roll off their tongues."
"Keily," Lola said softly, her eyes peering at me sympathetically, "you're not fat, curvy, sure. But not fat. You're beautiful and the assholes who say otherwise are stupid, including James." Her face fell and brows furrowed. "Who are other people that called you names? Were you bullied at your last school?" She asked.
"I-uh-" my mouth felt dry. I didn't want to tell her how much of a loser I was back in Remington. I was ashamed of all the bullying I had suffered there. Even though I knew Lola wouldn't judge me, still it was embarrassing to let her know that I had always been the victim. "You can always find people who have something to say about your body," I replied vaguely.
Her brows knitted further, expecting me to go on, but when I didn't she sighed and nodded. She was very good at reading body language. "Those people shouldn't matter," she said simply, closing the topic. "The reason I told you about James liking you is not so that you can romanticize his actions and jump in his arms. I want you to confront him about it and hopefully put end to this cat-mouse chase that you two have going."
Cat-mouse chase? Is this what we look like?
I nodded, regardless of having no intention on going about her suggestion. 
I absolutely didn't have it in me to confront James and accuse him of bullying me because 'he liked me'. Besides, the most likely scenario would be him laughing his ass off, and getting one more ammunition against me. He'd bite my ear off by reminding me why an overweight girl would never be worthy of him. He was sadistic like that.
Before Lola could continue loud cheers erupted around us. Players and cheerleaders of both schools were coming on the field. She squeezed my hand on the lap and smiled, letting me know we'd continue this conversation some other time.
Our team was in black, whereas the guest wore light blue jersey. The uniforms of cheer-leading squads matched with their respective teams. When guest team's cheerleaders were arranging themselves at the center of field, I noted they had three guys, which was refreshing. I was used to seeing only girls as cheerleaders.
"Addison wants guys in our cheer-leading team too," Lola commented. "It's kind of sad none of the boys are willing to join. They still consider it girls' job."
"Don't start with it again." Matt snorted. When teams arrived his attention had shifted back to us to point to us who were the difficult players in our rivals. What I got was their quarterback, Ryan, and running back, Collin, were good.
Lola and I looked at each other. She rolled her eyes, and I bit down a chuckle.
"They want to protect their masculine ego." I agreed with her, ganging up on Matt, who shook his head.
My gaze wandered to players at their benches. Lucas had drilled into my head his uniform number was nine so that I could always look out for him in the match. He had also slipped James's number, 13. And somehow while looking for Lucas my eyes landed on James. He was talking with one of his teammates. My messed up brain couldn't help but admire him in his football gear, which accentuated his ruggedness and dominance. His hair were tousled, few strands falling on his forehead, his dark eyes were filled with determination, and lips pursed in concentration as he listened to other guy. It was unfair how good looking he was.
Before I knew, James was staring back at me. I blushed - for the thousandth time this evening - at being caught checking him out. Although we were seated close to the ground yet it was unsettling how easily he located me among hundreds of other in the crowd. Familiar tingles spread through me as his gaze slid down to my body. I was little confident today with my dressing choice, but his smoldering eyes were enough to make me feel as if I was naked. Asshole. I was red as a tomato by the time he looked back up to my face. I would've looked away by now but his eyes had pinned mine to his, until he was the one to break our eye contact when the guy he was talking to patted his shoulder.
He hates you, Keily. I chanted in my head to stop the fluttering in my stomach, to stop myself from catching feelings for him.
Matt's laugh brought me out of my thoughts. I looked sideway to find him and Lola leaning into each other, and whispering and giggling between themselves. They looked really cute that I almost felt jealous of them. Despite having opposite personalities, they both fitted together. They looked after one another, gave each other space, and communicated so well. After knowing them for three weeks, it was hard to dismiss their relationship as a high school fling. They were in it for a long haul. I wanted to have a relationship like that too, with so much trust and love. But instead I was sitting here, ogling my tormentor, and on the verge of developing Stockholm syndrome.
I am a mess!
I turned my head back to the field, not wanting to creep on the couple.
Loud speakers blared and another round of cheers exploded from the audience. Cheerleaders of Westview, at the center, started their routine. There performance was impressive. With all the flips and jumps that they were doing, I was scared of the injuries they'd suffer if anyone fell. The guys in their squad helped them in adding more thrilling stunts. When they finished everyone applauded even though they were our rivals tonight.
Then it was turn of our girls. An unconscious grin spread on my face as I saw Addison and Sadhvi in the middle. They looked so pretty in their cheer-leading outfit and high pony. We hooted and whooped throughout their performance. I understood why Addison wanted guys in the squad, their routine lacked the muscles to do over-head jumps and stunts. However, the small pyramid in the end was good. The applause for them was louder because they were home team.
Next our principal, Mrs. Benson, came to the podium and wished good luck to the teams. The coin was tossed and Westview won it, getting the first offence.
Players from both sides started positioning themselves on the field. I purposely avoided looking at James and searched for Lucas. I found him with a big 9 on his jersey. Everyone had their helmets on so I couldn't see his face.
"Lucas will be mid linebacker," Matt muttered. "James is going to be tackle." Lola nodded. I had zero knowledge of football so his words went past my head.
"Middle linebacker takes the call and arranges everyone to stop the offense," Lola explained. "And the tackle does exactly what it sounds."
"Oh."
"James also plays as cornerback sometimes, but Ryan usually doesn't throw far..." Matt continued as we watched players taking their positions. I had no idea what he was going on about, but it sounded like James was important. Well, I already knew that.
The game began, and I had hard time keeping up with all the passes, tackling, and running. But Matt's commentary gave me some idea on what was going on the field. He loved talking about football, and a noob like me learned things here and there from that. When the time came for our team's offense, Lucas threw the ball to Drake, our running back. James was playing as left tackle. His job was to guard the thrower, aka Lucas. Now I knew where he used his big muscular physique.
We had our first touchdown before the end of halftime. It was scored by Seth, who was playing as wide receiver. The uproar that we let out the second he reached the end zone was deafening.
Throughout the game my focus unconsciously went to James. His agility, speed and strength were appalling. It was hard to not look at him. And when the buzzer echoed, announcing our team won, the big grin splitting his sweaty face was enthralling. I'd never seen him this carefree. He was beautiful.
Wait. What the heck?!
*******
Chapter 16:

"So you're a tough guy
Like it really rough guy
Just can't get enough guy..."
Bad guy by Billie Eilish was blasting on the radio, and Addison and Sadhvi were swinging to the beat at the backseat while doing their makeup. I was driving Addison's Volkswagen to James's house.
After the game they had met me at school's parking lot, showered and all dressed up. But they decided to do remaining stuff on the way, because most others had already left for the party. Addison was in bright yellow crop top and parallel cotton pants. Unlike other times, she was going for cute look and it was working. And Sadhvi had a figure hugging knee-length dress on, showing off her petite and toned body.
Matt and Lola had left earlier with Lucas, James and other guys to make house ready before others arrived.
"I'm the bad guy, duh!" Addison and Sadhvi shouted with Billie on radio. I giggled. The high of our team's victory was yet to simmer down.
"So what time do you want me to haul you two in the car and drive home?" I asked, looking in the rearview mirror, and seeing both applying mascara. I needed to know the curfew. I'd already told my parents I would be spending the night at Addison's, so did Sadhvi. Last time we ditched the party earlier than expected, so I wasn't aware how long Aunt Clarissa would allow us to remain out.
"We'll party all night, Sweety," Sadhvi chirped.
"We need to be home before 1 a.m.," Addison said. Aunty was really generous.
I saluted, before looking at the clock on dashboard. It was past eight.
"Tonight we're both going to be drunk together Addy," Sadhvi protested. "It's been so long since we did that. And it's James's house! Let's make most of the night."
"My mom will chop me into pieces if we're one minute late."
"She won't know. She'll asleep before midnight."
"Somehow, that lady always know." Addison huffed. "Look I don't want to take any chances. She has already started bugging me about college and future shit. And if that isn't enough, Dad's been throwing subtle objections about me 'wasting too much precious time on friends'." She mimicked Uncle's voice.
I glanced at rearview to find Sadhvi pouting.
"I need to get back in their good graces."
"I thought your parents were cool, unlike mine," Sadhvi whined.
"But they're still my parents. They can only be cool for so long."
"I think one in the morning is a pretty good stretch," I added, sending a smile through the mirror to lighten the mood. "We'll have fun. And it's not like you want to crash at James's house for a night. He'll kick us out, or make us sleep in the garden if he's being too generous."
"As much as I dislike James, his parties are awesome. They are so much fun." Sadhvi popped open something. "He's got a big house. I'm sure he can spare a guest room to his friends, like last time. Besides I won't mind sleeping in his beautiful garden."
"I don't get it. We dislike James but we're also his friends?"
"I guess we're frenemies," said Addison thoughtfully, "I mean I don't want him to die. Maybe sometimes, but I don't really mean it."
"That sums it up," Sadhvi agreed.
I chuckled, even though it didn't sum up my feelings for James. I wished it was that easy for me too. Now that I thought about it, it was in the beginning. Hating him wasn't difficult when he acted like such a jerk. He didn't change at all, but something in me was changing. And seeing him today at the game made me realize that.
Addison and Sadhvi went back to their makeup, jumping to the songs, and arguing about random stuff in between, leaving me to my own thoughts. The plethora of emotions dealing with James, that I had discovered an hour ago and was trying to ignore, finally came to the front of my mind.
My feelings were scattered all over the place when thinking of him. I despised him. However, all the stolen glances, his intense eyes, and that big genuine grin which he threw my way across the field when we won tonight hit me. He was looking at me, and when I had stood up and applauded with others, something shone on his face, as if my approval mattered. As if I mattered. The moment between us felt special, until I realized what mess I had gotten myself into.
I liked him. There, I admitted to myself.
I like James Haynes.
And I hated myself for it. I didn't know I was this easy that I'd melt at a smile. Like what the heck was wrong with me: Falling for a guy who bullied me?! A guy who at every chance body-shamed me, reminding me how I wasn't good enough?
Were Lola's silly words getting to me that I thought James was attracted to me, and I was reciprocating his feelings? Or maybe I was so desperate that I jumped on any guy who gave me attention even in his sick twisted way? Or did I have some kind of humiliation kink deep in my conscious? I mentally rolled my eyes. At this point I wouldn't be surprised. But even with kinks, I'd rather like to fulfill them with someone who I trusted and consented to. Not an asshole who degraded and disrespected me when I obviously didn't ask.
I hate him. I hate that asshole!
I loosened my grip on steering wheel when I noticed I was clutching it too tightly.
Keep yourself under control Keily.
I didn't want to see James right now after coming to terms with my feelings and dealing with these jumble of emotions, but as my luck would have it, I was driving to his house. To his party.
*******
My mouth hung open as I drove through large metal gates. Before I only had a glimpse of James's lavish home from outside, and now entering inside it felt as though stepping in a modern castle. The white statue of an angel with wide wings in the middle of driveway was actually the part of a big fountain. A well-lighted lawn surrounded the paved way, and the cream-colored house - no, the palace - stood proudly at the end.
Suddenly, I felt embarrassed of letting James visit my tiny house for the project. My place was very inadequate compared to his. My family wasn't poor by any means, but damn it if James wasn't rich, filthy rich.
Maybe the difference in our status should be another reminder why I shouldn't harbor any feelings for him.
I parked the car along with others crowding the driveway. We got out and the music from inside the house blared.
"They already started huh," Sadhvi commented as we reached the stairs leading to open front door. Loud shouts, chatters and laughs of people could be heard over music as we ascended. Only less than an hour ago all the kids were at school, yet the party was in full swing like it had been going on for hours.
When I stepped inside, my eyes widened in awe and darted in every direction to take in each detail. There were two sets of staircase at the front, guiding to opposite corners of the hallway upstairs. The long furniture laid out at living room were vintage and expensive. Vases, paintings and sculptures that decorated the large room looked too expensive to touch. Everything screamed luxury and money. People were evenly spread out with drinks in their hands, and moving in and out of multiple rooms attached at the sides.
"Lucas and others must be in gaming room," Addison said and started walking toward one of the side rooms. Sadhvi and I followed.
"Or they could be dipping in pool in their underwear," Sadhvi quipped.
"Nah, it's too early for that."
"You guys do that?" I asked, concealing my nerves. Bad memories of my past resurfaced. Lucas did mention about swimming pool, but nobody told me this could turn into a pool party.
"Sometimes, especially when we're shitless drunk." Addison smirked, unaware of my anxiety.
"Which is like most of the times," Sadhvi added.
I gulped. Thank god I wasn't drinking tonight. I didn't have to worry about my intoxicated self skinny-dipping in James's pool under peer pressure and flashing everyone my hideous flab to comment how much of a whale I was. One time was enough to scar me for life.
We reached the game room and I was stunned once again with the amount of wealth these people possessed. Table soccer, pool table, ping pong, and many other stuff that I didn't even know about were there. A 50 inch plasma TV hung at the opposite wall, and a guy and a girl were playing some shooter game on it, sitting on the recliner in front. It was a perfect man-cave. I was trudging behind Addison carefully because lights were dimmed to match the ambiance.
"You girls took your time." Lucas appeared in black shirt and blue jeans with a drink in his hand. He looked at me. "James was worried you ditched us." There was a slight teasing in his tone, or maybe I imagined it.
"We wouldn't even dream of ditching," Sadhvi replied.
"And like he cares," said Addison, rolling her eyes.
"Of course he does." Lucas took a sip from his cup. "You guys are friends. He's just not very vocal about it."
"Maybe he should be," my cousin threw, "he'd be surprised what good communication can do." She cast a quick glance at me. 
"Congratulations on your victory," I said to Lucas, changing the subject, "you guys were really good today."
"Thanks." His eyes glinted and he grinned. "Did you watch my touchdown throw? It was awesome!"
"Yeah, you were awesome." I chuckled at his enthusiasm.
He rattled on more about tonight's game as we all settled on the leather couch in corner. Sometime in between Addison and Sadhvi left us to get drinks. I had stood up to join them but Addison stopped me reminding me I was their chauffeur tonight. I wasn't planning on having alcohol, just some soft drink, but before I could say that Addison bent down and whispered, "you better complete that kiss." Then she had walked away with Sadhvi, leaving me flustered. 
Now here I was, alone with Lucas on the couch, making small talks. I had to admit with time I had started feeling comfortable with him and consider him as a close friend. Lucas was always very considerate of me, other than the stunt he pulled on Tuesday to convince James of this party.
Suddenly, I felt familiar feeling of being watched. I looked around until I found James walking in our direction through the door. My stomach flipped seeing how gorgeous he was. He was in black jeans, long neck white t-shirt clinging to his body delectably, and grey sneakers. His face was impassive, but his heated eyes on me were predatory and accusing. I noticed a brunette walking with him. I had never seen her in school. She was tall, slim, and beautiful, completely opposite to me. Jealousy flared up inside me looking at her next to James, and complementing him perfectly.
Don't be pathetic. I reprimanded myself.
I shifted away from Lucas when they reached us. I was getting déjà vu from last party.      
"What are you doing here?" Lucas said, almost breathless. He was staring at the girl as if he'd seen a ghost.
"James invited me," girl replied.
James's brows knitted and he looked at her. "Don't lie, Myra. You invited yourself." He lazily sat down on my other side, sparing very little gap between us. My heart thudded at our closeness. "I got a text from her that she was here. I tried to make her leave. I wanted to spare you drama for tonight, but I forgot she could be annoying as hell, especially when it comes to you." James monotonously explained to Lucas, who was glaring at him. He didn't sound too bothered, just mildly irritated.
"It's been less than two months," Myra said, "and you already got yourself a new girl Lucas." Her green eyes trailed down my figure contemptuously. "You don't wait. And here I thought, I was the cheater."
Clearly Lucas and her had some sort of history, and I was being dragged into their fight.
"We're just friends-"
"I'm a free man." I was cut-off by Lucas. He stood up and glared down Myra, who didn't look fazed by his anger. "You fucking made sure of that when I spent my whole school break trying to get you to just talk to me!"
"You deserved it!"
"Why don't you two take your lovers' quarrel somewhere private?" James interrupted, amused. "And blow off the heat that has been pent up for last months." I could picture the smirk on his lips, but I didn't dare look.
Myra blew him a middle finger, and Lucas muttered a big 'Fuck off', before the two actually stormed away from us.
Okay...?
"By the end of night, they'll be in each other's pants," James said, his breath hitting my ear. I finally turned to him and was breathless for a moment with the intensity he was looking at me. My face must've been beet red. "They've been together since they were 15, and this fight between them is not going to last long. I warned you not to go after Lucas. You don't belong with him." His dark eyes were studying me haughtily. "He's Myra's. Try not to get jealous of her."
"I was when I thought she was with you," I thought, and then cursed my ridiculous feelings.
"I am not jealous of anyone," I whispered, "I never thought of Lucas more than a friend."
"Good." The anger in his eyes dwindled, but his gaze remained piercing as ever. "Like I said, you don't belong with him Piggy."
Piggy. I was reminded once again why I didn't belong with Lucas, or James, or anyone for god's sake! I was ashamed of myself for liking this devil. He was such an ass! And staying near him wasn't doing me any good.
I stood up, ready to get away from him, but my wrist was grabbed.
"Where are you going?" There was an urgency in his tone.
"Away from you."
His grip tightened. "No, you're not."
*******
Chapter 17:

His grip tightened. "No, you're not."
I looked back at him puzzled, trying to ignore the fuzzy sensation in my chest at his touch. My confusion must've been amusing to him because his ferocious gaze dimmed, and an all familiar smugness appeared on his face.
"If you're away from me, how I'll give you the tour of my house?" He stood up, towering over me. "This party, after all, is for you. It wouldn't be right for the host to leave their special guest to sulk in some lone corner." That cocky smirk was infuriating.
I frowned. So he wanted to show off. "I won't sulk in some corner. I'll find Addison. You don't have to be so concerned about your special guest."
"I saw Addison and Sadhvi getting drunk somewhere, having too much fun to remember you," James countered, "Matt and Lola are getting frisky in garden. And our friend Lucas most likely have his tongue shoved down Myra's throat by now." There was a triumphant gleam in his eyes at the mention of Lucas. He really hated the idea of Lucas and me being together. "I'm the only company you've left. Why not take it?" He was right and I didn't like that. "Besides, I promised your parents to look after you."
The last remark earned him a glare from me, but that only widened his smirk. "You just want to have your time poking fun at me," I mumbled, my gaze darting to his chest. Why do I like him?!
"I'm glad you know me so well."
"You wanted me to come, I came. Now leave me be. This is your party James. All your friends and whole team is here. I'm sure you'll enjoy better with them."
"I can't enjoy with them when my favorite toy is right here."
I looked at him, appalled. His wolfish grin angered me further.
Toy. Of course, I was just a toy for his entertainment.
"I'm not your toy!" I hissed, and tugged my arm away from him. To my surprise, he let go. James's words had been degrading before, but they never stung this bad. I had an inkling this was the result of my newly found feelings for him.
Oh god, I hoped this wasn't how it was going to be from now on. This was all messed up.
My hurt must be evident because his grin dropped and eyes softened. Since when did he start caring about hurting me? Wasn't that all he wanted?... Well, I wasn't going to hold my breath for the answers. My desperation would lead me to come up with dangerous conclusions. And I already had bunch of emotions to struggle with. I turned my back to him to bolt out of the room.
"Keily," James called after me. I paused. He never called me by my name, except in front of teachers and my parents. A sick part of me liked the sound of it from his deep voice. Ugh...
I felt a large hand on my shoulder, and I spun back to shove it away. His touches were overwhelming. So were his dark eyes, watching me intensely to figure me out, and making me feel exposed.
"You are really touchy tonight," he said, a look of realization passing through his face, "it's Lucas, isn't it?" His jaws clenched, and darkness took over his features. "You're still hung up on our quarterback. You like him." Oh god. "You deny it, but you want him. All fucking dressed up to impress him, get his attention." His eyes trailed down my body. "But what he does? Leaves you hanging to dick his ex. You can't get over it-"
"I'm hung up on you, asshole!" I snapped. I was tired of hearing his baseless accusation again and again.
His eyes widened. For a second I was glad to just shut him up, but then I realized what I'd spluttered. Fear and anxiety crawled in me. No! That's why I didn't want to be near this Ass. He made me unstable. Especially now.
"I didn't mean that." It took me almost a minute to find my voice, and break the tense silence between us.
"Then what do you mean?" James stepped forward, his wide eyes gaping at me as if I held the secret to world peace.
"I mean... nothing," I managed to choke out, stepping back from his inquisitive stare. My face was burning. Heck, my whole body was burning.
"You mean nothing?"
I nodded.
"So are you or are you not hung up on me-"
"I mean I don't like Lucas. And I can dress how ever I want." I cut him off. "If a girl dresses up, it doesn't always mean she wants to impress guys. Most of the times she just wants to feel good. I want to feel good. Guys give themselves too much credit-" James grabbed my hand, stopping my word vomit.
"I get it." He curled his fingers around mine. They felt warm against my cold sweaty ones, even though my body was on fire. "You don't like Lucas, and you want to feel good."
I should've pulled away, it was the right thing to do, but one small smile from him - a real one with no hidden mischief or taunt - and my mind was blank slate.
I'm in trouble.
James started leading us through the crowd. And it was a while when I came back to my senses.
"Where are you taking me?"
"To push you off the cliff."
I stopped. He looked back, pressing his lips, most likely to suppress a laugh.
"I'm kidding. There's no cliff in Bradford. I'll have to drown you in lake outskirts." His asshole-self was back. I tried to pull my hand away, but he held tight. "I'm giving you tour of my house."
"I didn't say you can."
"You've no one to hang out with. Be with me." He suggested.
"So you can insult me and have a good laugh." My words came out bitter.
He sighed. "How about I try to behave tonight? Is it alright?" I was surprised that he was trying to be decent.
I looked at our entwined hands. James was being nice. It almost felt surreal. I was very aware that this could all turn around for worse. But suddenly, something in me was willing to take the chance despite all the promises I had made to myself to stay clear of him.
"Fine. Let's go." Besides I really had no one else to hang out with.
*******
My eyebrows raised as we stepped inside kitchen. It had been over two hours since I walked into James's castle, and I should've been used to the Haynes luxury. But I wasn't. Their kitchen was huge, installed with equipment I had never seen before. Granite countertops looked too expensive to accidentally slip anything over them, and they cooked here. I really liked the hanging bulb chandeliers above middle counter, also the cute white stools, and flower pot at center. Everything was outstanding.
James let go of my hand, making me miss its warmth, and walked to the corner where alcohols were stacked. I followed silently, studying my surrounding.
"I'm not drinking tonight," I said when I saw him grabbing vodka. "I have to drive Addison and Sadhvi home."
"I did find it strange that they both were drinking together." He put the bottle back, before turning to fridge and started rummaging inside it. "They've baited you to be their designated driver."
"I offered. I didn't feel like getting intoxicated."
"Why not? At Keith's house you were having time of your life drinking with Lucas." I noted brusqueness in his tone.
I glared at his back. "Yeah, I was having time of my life until someone decided to ruin it."
He paused for a second. "You both shouldn't be kissing drunk. Even though they were fighting, Lucas already has Myra. He hasn't been with any other girl since. I wanted to save him guilt next morning."
"Is that why you are so against Lucas and me dating?" I asked gingerly.
"Yes." The door of fridge closed with thud, and I internally winced at the rough handling of such expensive things. "Here." He handed me a chilled can of Mountain Dew, keeping the other one for himself.
I had a suspicion that there was more to his answer, but I didn't pry. We were on a delicate line and I didn't want to be the one to break our temporary truce.
Once my can was opened, my hand was again in his. It was scary how easily I was getting comfortable with it.
James guided me through the house's main floor. Everywhere we went there were people. Guys were playing in the indoor basketball court, living area was bustling because it was at entrance, and garden was crowded. I also spotted Matt and Lola sitting on a loveseat at patio, kissing. I had to wonder where all these people came from. Maybe students from Westview High also decided to join us.
James and I didn't say much to each other throughout. I just told him his house was beautiful and pointed out things I liked. He also only hummed and nodded. I guessed he too had no idea how to hold a conversation with someone he was used to insulting at every sentence. But fortunately it wasn't awkward. Silence between us felt comfortable. Our cans were finished halfway.
I discovered swimming pool at the backside of mansion was the main attraction of party when we reached there. It was as wide as my house, and people were showing no hesitation of making the full use of it. Some were sitting on its edge with their legs dipped in water, and many were inside in their underwear. Almost everyone had some kind of drink in their hands.
"Your house is so big," I said, peeking at his side profile, "it's like a little island." We were standing at the poolside.
"Yeah." James nodded. "But sometimes it seems a bit much. Too big for just a family of four. My brother isn't even living here anymore." I felt his thumb rubbing the back of my hand. "My parents really love making money, and show off how much they make... Well, they have right to because they sure do work hard for it. Sometimes they even forget they have a son waiting for them back home." He sounded as though we were discussing weather, not his unfulfilling home-life.
"I'm sure your parents love you," I added. "They might not be very good at showing it." As much as I felt flattered that he shared something personal with me, I didn't like him being sad. I knew I shouldn't sympathize with the devil, but I couldn't help it.
He looked at me and gave a crooked smile. "You are here to have good time, not to give therapy to a sad rich boy."
"Sad rich boy?" I quirked my brows.
He shrugged.
"To be honest that kind of suits you." I chuckled.
"Is that so?" The mischief twinkle in his eyes was reappearing, making my guards go up. "I thought asshole suited me better. Wasn't that what you said?"
My face went in flames. The easygoing air between us vanished. I was stupid to think he'd let go of my stupid confession back in the game room.
"I-uh-" His heated gaze wasn't helping me to come up with coherent words. "I-"
Just kill me right now.
Something hit my back, and I lost my balance, my heels tripping on the smooth tiled-floor. My fingers slipped away from James's. I could see the clear water getting close and prepared myself for the head first fall into pool. But it didn't come. I was pulled back up and clashed against hard surface.
James had me pressed against him, his arms wrapped around my waist. I heard a faint 'sorry' from somewhere, but I didn't dare tear my gaze away from the pair of pitch-black eyes. They were fierce and hungry. My whole body felt charged. It tingled. The smell of expensive cologne mixed with his own musky scent enveloped me, awakening new desire. Desire for him.
James tightened his hold, closing the remaining gap between our bodies.
He's so close.
"You okay?" His lips moved and my eyes immediately darted to them. Before I could think, I was kissing him.
******
Chapter 18:

He was still. Too still for my liking. Maybe it was a mistake...
Before the panic at what I was doing could settle and make me unlatch my lips from his, a hand grabbed the back of my head, ceasing my chance of escape. It was like a switch flipped over James, one second he was unresponsive and the next ravishing my mouth like there was no tomorrow.
Every sensible thought faded out of my mind, leaving behind only pleasurable fireworks. My being buzzed.
When his tongue swirled on my lips, asking for entrance, I was in no state to deny. And once it entered, a moan slipped past me. Apparently that was enough for him to let go of any restraint and plunder my mouth savagely. My one hand moved above the nape of his neck to cop the feeling of his smooth hair, while the other clutched his shoulders to keep myself from falling. It was too good. He was too good. I was having a hard time to keep up with him, but his moans told me he didn't mind at all.
Finally, after what felt like an hour of mind-numbing thrill but were only few minutes, he pulled away, giving a gentle tug at my lower lip with his teeth, and allowed both of us to catch our breath. His hands rested on my waist loosely.
I'd never been this thoroughly kissed before.
It was amazing.
The dazed look on James's beautiful face made me not blink lest it'd disappear. Slowly a small smile creeped on his lips, full of bliss regardless of its size. If he only knew how killer his real smiles were...
"You want me." He stated, euphoric haze yet to clear from his dark eyes.
I want him. I want James.
As those words repeated on my mind, the weight of them pressed down on my conscience, and the blur inside my head started clearing. I wanted James Haynes, my bully, the guy who everyday told me how fat and ugly I was.
And I had just kissed him.
I had kissed the asshole! The devil!
What have I done?!
Immediately I untangled my arms from him, previously dormant panic and shock rising. "I-I'm sorry," I muttered, remembering it was me who'd initiated the kiss, "I shouldn't have done that." Without waiting for his reply, I stormed away, not caring where I was going.
My breath came out in short gasps as I rushed past others. Last minutes replayed in my head, and my shaky legs moved faster, fearing I'd fall if I stopped.
I kissed James.
Oh god!
I was astonished with my actions. Tonight, I was a bundle of surprise, wasn't I? First, finding out I liked my bully, then strolling around his mansion while holding hands with him as though we were a couple, and now kissing him.
Guilt surfaced inside me because I couldn't bring myself to despise that kiss. I liked - no, I loved every millisecond of it. His lips were magical, and maybe it was my crazy brain making up things, but I felt a longing with the way they captured mine. His body pressed against mine was so right, so natural, and his arms holding me were possessive-
I hope he wasn't disgusted by my flab.
My fists clenched in anger at my toxic thought. It shouldn't matter if he was disgusted by me or not. It shouldn't matter if he enjoyed kissing me or not. He was James. But a tiny part of me still wished he liked it.
I was pathetic. It seemed I had finally lost all my remaining dignity because of him.
I hate myself.
*******
I found myself in living area when my feet slowed, hurting from walking too fast in heels. I was flushed and gasping for air, probably result of all the panicking I was doing. Big vintage clock hanging at the wall came in my vision. It was 15 minutes past midnight.
I had to take Sadhvi and Addison home before 1 a.m.. It was time to leave.
To be honest I was more than glad to get out of here. I was too much of a emotional wreck to enjoy party anymore, or to face James again. Now all I had to do was stop thinking about him for a minute and find the girls, before I could cringe peacefully in Aunty's guestroom.
I remembered the last time I had seen Addison and Sadhvi, they were heading upstairs when James was showing me the main floor. No one was allowed upstairs other than the people who were close to James. It was an unwritten rule and everyone followed, at least that's what Addison had told me in car. The fact Addison and Sadhvi could go upstairs counted that James considered them close friends. Or close frenemies.
Without wasting any second I climbed the stairs. While giving me the tour, James had mentioned to show me their library and gym that were upstairs, so I didn't hesitate much. Maybe, for a night we had become close too... until I ruined it by kissing him.
The hallway had rows of room on either side. I went to left because I recalled Addison and Sadhvi on left staircase. I skipped the first door -which was open a little- hearing several male laughters coming from inside. Although I did peek just to make sure girls weren't there.
Next door was closed, letting no sound leak. I wouldn't be surprised if the rooms were designed to be soundproof in this mansion. So I rotated the knob and opened it slightly, greeting the most unexpected sight.
Oh.
My eyes widening, I shut the door back quietly before anyone could see me. I stepped away, trying to make sense of what I saw.
This night just keeps getting better.
I never thought Addison and Sadhvi to be...
I shook my head. It was none of my business what they were. And they definitely weren't planning on revealing it to me. It hurt but I understood... Or I could be looking too much into the situation. They both were drunk, and like their bold-self just experimenting with different stuff.
And who was I to say anything?! Heck, I wasn't even drunk and look what I did. I slobbered up the devil.
Barging into the room and making things awkward for the three of us didn't seem good idea. So I decided to call Addison to let them know we needed to head home. Cursing myself for not doing the same earlier and saving myself from walking on other's privacy, I hurried my way back to stairs.
I crashed against someone and familiar scent surrounded me. No. I looked up to find the dark eyes I was avoiding.
I most likely resembled a deer caught in headlights.
"Who knew you can move those short legs so fast?" James said, his eyes twinkled with mischief. I noted his hair were tousled and blushed, knowing it was me who was responsible for it. "You can't just kiss and run Keily." His hands snaked around my waist and I felt like a caught prey.
My heart fluttered hearing him say my name so endearingly. I fought against myself to not lose it again.
"I'm sorry." I avoided his gaze, embarrassed at pulling a runner on him.
"Your sorry won't cut it." I could practically hear his smirk. "You've kissed me, now you've to face the consequences Keily Harris."
"I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry."
"But you did and I don't want you to feel sorry for it." He moved closer.
I looked back up, inches separating our face. "Then what do you want me to feel?"
Before I could blink, I was pinned against the wall with James hovering over me, his hands firmly planted on my hips and eyes trailing my face with yearning. My breath hitched, anticipating his next move.
However, amidst the glaze a tiny voice was screaming inside me, warning me to stop, to not slip again.
"I want you to feel this." James leaned down, but I turned my head at the last second, and his lips landed on my right cheek. I felt his lips quirking up in a smile and pecking my cheek sweetly, not disappointed by my rejection. "Don't be shy," he coaxed, nudging his nose against my side playfully.
My toes curled. Who could've guessed he was capable of being this sweet and gentle?
Don't fall for him. My conscience poked.
It took everything in me to push him away. When a confused frown marred his beautiful features, I was tempted to pull him back and kiss it away. But somehow I held my ground.
"We shouldn't do this James," I said, trying to meet his eyes.
"You're the one who started this."
I nodded. "And I'm apologizing."
"Don't apologize."
"I shouldn't have done that. It was a mistake."
"A mistake." His brows knitted, and I sensed his mood getting dark when he let go of me.
I nodded.
"Then why did you fucking kiss me Keily." He demanded, sounding like I had committed a crime.
"I don't know," I replied, my eyes downcast.
"You fucking don't know." He was angry. "You just led me on for nothing!"
"I didn't lead you on!" I glared at him. "You're disgusted by me, remember?!"
The accusation in his tone snapped something in me too. He had no right to yell at me when it was his fault, his bullying that was the reason for my conflicting emotions. If he had not been an ass from the beginning, then maybe things could've been different.
"Where did that come from?" James asked, surprised.
I glared at him harder that he had the gall to ask that. "Where did that come from?!" I spat. "After all the comments you made about my body, after all the insults you threw and body-shamed me to no end to remind me how fat and ugly I am, you ask why I think you're disgusted by me!" I fought to keep my tears at bay. "I'm your Piggy, whale, cow, fat slut-" my voice broke, "do you want me to continue?"
"Don't tell me you took all of that seriously?" He ran a hand through his head frustratedly. "I was just jea-" he shook his head, cutting himself off. "Don't be a baby Keily. It wasn't serious." He added offhandedly.
His nonchalance stung. I had hoped for him to apologize and say sweet nothings to coax me back into his arm. Not that I would forgive him so easily. But his lack of remorse hurt and widened the gap between us.
It stung. So bad.
"I hate you, James." I almost tasted venom on my tongue. "Kissing you was the biggest mistake." And I meant it, even though how very much I loved it. "I hate you."
His face fell like he'd been slapped, before it distorted into the most heinous scowl. "Okay." His cold tone chilled my spine. "You hate me." He nodded, then swiveled back and stomped away.
I sighed, when his back disappeared rounding the long hallway. Suddenly all energy drained out of me and I felt empty.
After I called Addison, a very drunk she and Sadhvi stumbled at the front porch to meet me. Their funny gibberish during the car ride failed to elate my mood like other times. And when I finally found the comfort of solitude in Addison's guestroom, I let go and cried myself to sleep.
*******
Chapter 19:

My Saturday afternoons were usually reserved to laze around and wash away whole week's tiredness. However, today rest couldn't come easy when my mind was a whirlwind of thoughts, not willing to calm down for a second. The reason behind it was, lo and behold, James.
I couldn't stop replaying the passionate kiss we shared last night, and the heart-wrenching interaction we had afterward.
My stomach still fluttered thinking about how good his lips felt against mine. I didn't have lot of experience, having been kissed only twice, but they undoubtedly faded when compared to James's skill. Deep in my conscious I felt nobody would ever stand a chance against him, which was a disastrous news for me because us kissing again was never going to happen.
The heated words we exchanged took away the little possibility we might had to start over. I hated how unapologetic he was about all the verbal abuse he had hurled at me. For him those degrading remarks weren't serious. It seemed targeting me for my body was just a harmless fun to him, but to me, his each snide comment was a knife that chipped away my self-worth little by little, leaving me an insecure mess. I never wanted to become this sensitive, but after facing body-shaming for my entire teen years, I kind of did. So his insults struck where it hurt the most.
It was unbelievable that I fell for James.
I had returned home from Addison's around nine. Rest of the morning went by in blur as I showered, ate breakfast, and did my usual chores. I had cried enough last night to not have anymore breakdowns, but I was still hung up on events of party.
To stop my brain from being driven crazy by overthinking, I drowned myself into school assignments, even though it was around 2 p.m. now, the time when I should be deep into my afternoon nap, especially considering the hectic night I had. However, it looked like this strategy of keeping my head preoccupied wasn't working because after every other minute my thoughts drifted back to James.
I soooo need a break from him.
My phone lying beside me on bed buzzed. I opened it to see a text message from Addison.
"Don't tell me it is what I think it is!"
My eyes bulged when below it I saw screenshot of a picture taken from Instagram.
It was the picture of James and me kissing by the poolside. I blushed at how intimate we looked with our bodies molded into one another and lips locked so feverishly. For the first time a voice inside me didn't nag how big or fat I looked in a photo because his large stature embraced mine so well. We looked perfect.
"You kissed James!!!!" Another text arrived from Addison, crashing me back to reality.
"I didn't mean to." I replied, anxiety flooding me thinking that whole school must've seen this photo. Sure we kissed in public, but I never expected someone to snap a shot of it.
Why can't people mind their own business?!
I opened Instagram, scrolling through different groups where our school's students posted, meanwhile my phone tinged with incoming messages from Addison.
"Were you drunk? I thought you weren't drinking."
"I didn't touch alcohol." I texted back
"Then why the fuck are you smooching James!!!!"
"It just happened."
I finally found the picture. It was uploaded two hours ago. My mouth felt dry seeing how many likes and comments it got in such a short time. I tapped to read the comments.
"Our tackle got his heart tackled :x"
"Who knew James was crusin for some thick meat? :P"
"She's chubbily cute and James likes that"
"No! James is taken :("
"She's fat"
"Never thought James will go for her..."
"My heart UwU"
"Haynes like them big."
"Both must workout hard at the gym. One lifts the weight, other lifts herself  LOL"
"Is James a chubby chaser?"
"She's the new chick right?"
"That's Keily Harris. She's in my class"
"I wish someone kiss me like that"
"Live show was waaaaay hotter ;p"
The stream of comments continued, which was expected since James was very popular in school. My cheeks tinted darker with each comment. From calling us the new star couple to ridiculing me, every opinion was there. I felt conscious seeing so many comments were about my body, be it good or bad or plain objectifying. People were really blunt with their thoughts online.
By the time I finished reading them, the magic of our picture faded. Like always, negativity outweighed positivity. As I stared longer at the image, I began noticing my flabby arms and stocky legs against James's trained and muscular body. Familiar self-doubt and insecurities about my weight surged, and I felt stupid for even fantasizing about him. He was way out of my league.
Last night was just a beautiful mistake.
My phone was buzzing all the while, signalling messages from my cousin. She was incensed, wanting to know every detail about how I ended up kissing my nemesis.
After going through strangers' judgments, I didn't want to face Addison's too, so I texted her that I'd talk later, closed my phone and sprawled on the bed, preparing myself for the afternoon full of self-hate, over-analyzing every little thing in my minuscule life, and be driven crazy.
*******
"You didn't reply to my messages," said Addison, her narrowed eyes warning me one wrong answer and she'd blow off.
"I told you I'd talk later," I mumbled, settling on the passenger's seat and shutting the door.
"I thought later meant few hours, not two days." She started the engine and we were on our way to school.
The dreadful Monday morning was here, and all I wanted was to crawl back in the safety of my blankets, instead of facing James or my classmates.
I knew I had attracted attention when the photo of me kissing James circulated on social media. So I expected stares and crazy rumors in the hallways and classrooms for next coming days. I hated the thought of people gossiping about me, especially in relation to James. Considering how good looking he was, it would take no time for others to comment about how I looked, and soon they'd criticize and make fun of me.
I already had a sneak peek of their very funny fat-jokes on the internet.
It was no news, given how much of a timid and coward person I was, I was jittery of attending school today. And Addison's snappy attitude wasn't helping.
"I'm sorry." I sighed. "That Instagram post really put me off."
"Oh, that pic where you and James were eating each other's face off."
This was why I didn't want to talk to Addison. I didn't feel like being scolded by her when I was already tired of punching myself. My cousin was impulsive and never held back her opinion, which were admirable qualities, but not right now. From her texts I gathered she absolutely didn't like me being intimate with James.
"I'm already regretting it." I lied. Kissing James was a mistake, but it was so good that regretting it felt wrong.
"I'm really mad at you." She took a deep breath, glaring at the road ahead. "When James kissed you, you should have taken that opportunity to punch him for assaulting you, not return his advances."
"Actually it was me who kissed him first," I muttered shyly, looking at my lap.
"What the fuck?!" Addison stared at me horrified.
"You're driving," I reminded her when her eyes stayed on me longer than necessary.
She whipped her head back, cursing under breath, and clenching and unclenching her fist on the steering wheel. Okay, she was being even more dramatic than me after I found out I kissed James. Her too much investment in my drama was a little odd.
"Don't worry he still hates me," I said, trying to pacify her. A minute passed in silence. "Say something."
"What do you want me to say?!" My cousin bellowed. "I thought I asked you to kiss Lucas, not that bastard."
"Will you stop with Lucas?!" I hissed. "I told you he's just a friend. Besides I discovered he has a girlfriend, Myra. Were you really trying hook me up with a guy who's with someone else?"
"What are you saying? Myra and he broke up months ago. He's not in any relationship."
"Not what it looked like when she showed up at party and Lucas was gaping at her like she was his unicorn. They've been together for many years, and Lucas hasn't looked at any other girl. He's still very much into her."
"Who told you that?"
"James."
"So instead you decided to smooch that bastard." Addison's eyes narrowed into tiny slits, still fixed on road. "I don't get girls like you Keily, who just fall for any jerk. He might have a thing for you but he also picked on you and called you names. That's toxic." She continued, and my fist balled at all those reminders, as if I hadn't already spent two days mulling over them. "What do you like about him, huh? His good looks, his clout, his wealth, his popularity-"
"Or maybe I don't have control over my feelings like any other human being!" I yelled. She crossed the line. "You should know it, after all, you were also busy getting naked under the sheets with Sadhvi."
Fight left her eyes and her face fell in shock. Whatever there was between her and Sadhvi, it was a touchy subject. I almost regretted snapping at my cousin, but she started it.
"How did you-"
"I saw you guys in upstairs room when I was looking for you to take us all back."
Addison nodded, her expression falling back into angry scowl. "You have no idea what's between Sadhvi and me."
"And neither do you about James and me."
During rest of the drive neither of us said a word. Silence between us felt heavy, and distress was radiating around us in waves. We never talked to each other like that.
I hadn't even stepped inside the school and my day already got worst, having Addison mad at me.
What was up with me? I was making everyone hate me: first James, now her.
When we reached school, Addison didn't walk with me to our lockers like always, making excuse she had something to take care of. I knew she just wanted to be away from me to cool off. I needed to cool off too. But as I walked through the Jenkins's hallways, I missed her.
As expected, I was showered with stares, finger pointings and whispering. Some students even waved and smiled at me, while others openly leered. I blushed, shrinking under all different gazes. In three weeks, I became used to living under Addison's shadow, so this new attention was overwhelming.
I only wished for the rumors to simmer down soon and have this spotlight on me removed.
My nervousness reached new height when I found James, standing near his locker, with one of his teammates, who had his back on me. The moment he saw me his demeanor turned icy like I was his biggest enemy. Sudden sadness rippled through me at his cold attitude. But what else I expected?
I moved to my locker, trying to make myself as invisible as possible, which was hard because I could feel his eyes tailing me.
"I saw Myra with Lucas at your house." I heard the guy talking to James as I shuffled inside my locker. He was being too loud, so it was impossible not to hear him. "Are they back together or what?"
I dropped all the shame to satiate my curiosity and focused my ears to eavesdrop on their conversation.
"I don't know," James replied.
"Yeah, how would you know, you were too busy hooking up with the new chick." The guy cackled, unaware that I was behind him. "You were all over that poor girl. Is she even alive or you sucked out all of her breath while shoving your tongue inside her mouth?" My cheeks colored at his callous way of putting our kiss. "Can't blame you, she's hot-"
"Shut up!" James cut him. My body tingled feeling his gaze harden on me. I peeked at him from behind the locker door, and flinched at the harshness in his eyes. "She was the one who came on to me." He leaned his shoulder against the locker, smirking cruelly. He knew I was listening. "I was just being friendly and turned out it was all it took for her to throw herself at me. How desperate a girl can be? But then again what can you expect from a whale like her."
My vision blurred. I hid back to the safety of locker before letting the tears fall.
He's vicious.
*******
Chapter 20:

"Yo Keily!" Someone hollered from the back. I was in middle row. Our Physics class was about to start.
I looked up from my cellphone and turned around. I recognized the couple of guys sitting at the back seats. They were in football team and ran in same circles as James's. I'd never interacted with them, however, right now the wide smile on their faces screamed trouble, putting me on alert.
"How did our Haynes performed on Friday? Did you reach the end zone?" One of them said, and laughter echoed in classroom.
"He's one of our best." Another guffawed. "But then again we can't be sure, given that you're so handful."
"Well, I can always lend him a hand." The previous one winked at me. My skin crawled with disgust.
"That kiss was pretty hot though." A voice commented from somewhere, and on cue other students sitting around started making kissing sounds, adding to my embarrassment.
I immediately swiveled back, strong blush coating my cheeks. I looked down, letting my hair fall at the sides in hopes of curtaining my burning face. This was what I feared. As if James wasn't enough, his mates had to join in too.
Snickers and hollers of others at my expense felt eerily familiar. The memories of jeering and deprecating comments from my classmates in Remington flashed before me. I really wanted to throw a good comeback to shut their obnoxious laughs, but my cowardice and add in with my brain's superpower to freeze during confrontations, I couldn't.
I hadn't said anything back then, and I didn't say anything now. I wished to stop being such a meek person.
Fortunately, I didn't have to endure anymore snide remarks because our teacher arrived, shushing the class. However, my thoughts didn't calm down, imagining all sorts of witty things I could've said to shut those guys' mouths.
If only it was that easy to play out in reality.
*******
I dragged myself to English class, mentally preparing to handle another encounter with James. Him putting me down in front of his friend this morning really bruised my self-esteem, and once again made me ashamed of having feelings for him. His words made me question about all the amazing things I'd felt when we kissed. Maybe, the sparks and glitter were only from my side, whereas he just played it off as a desperate girl latching onto him... But that night he was so passionate and sweet... Hmph.
I was already at my wit's end with this guy. Add on top the unwanted attention of some people - like in Physics class - and squabble between Addison and me, all because of our picture, I was reaching my breaking point. It was all too much and the day wasn't even close to ending. I swear if that Jerk James said anything else I'd rip his tongue out... Okay, who was I kidding? I'd most likely finally break and bawl my eyes out like a toddler.
When I reached the doorway I found the said Asshole leisurely seated on his desk, looking at something on his phone. His one sight and bunking the class seemed more appealing option than being anywhere near him. However, Mr. Crones and my parents wouldn't appreciate that, so I forced my legs to my seat, which was just beside his. I wished some desks were still empty, like on the first day, so that I didn't have to sit right next to him, but they all became occupied when other students showed up.
Like a clockwork, I felt James's focus shift on me as I reached near him and settled on my desk. Unable to resist, I glanced back. My eyes widened seeing a purple bruise on his left cheek. Someone hit him. Mark was fresh and from the looks the punch that left it must've hurt a lot.
So I wasn't the only one having a bad day.
I couldn't fathom who would dare to punch James Haynes. I was yet to hear of any fist-fights in Jenkins involving James, but with all the muscles he was packing it was easier to conclude he wasn't supposed to be taken lightly. He was like a giant cannon, not to be messed around with. I was curious who would pick a fight with him.
'Let's hope it's not Addison.' I snorted internally.
Theoretically, I should be ecstatic seeing James hurt, after all the things he had said and done, instead I found myself feeling concerned about him, and hoping that purple blotch on his cheek was the only injury he got.
"Take a picture, it'll last long," James said, sullenly. I realized I had been staring at him - or his bruise - longer than necessary. I blushed under his penetrative gaze. "I'm sure you're itching to frame my face right now. Go ahead."
As an afterthought, he absolutely deserved to get punched.
"No need. Unlike you, I don't rejoice in other people's misery," I bit back before I could stop myself.
"So we have mother Teresa here." He scoffed.
"It's better than being an asshole." His eyes narrowed and jaw ticked.
I expected another attack to come from his mouth, instead after throwing me the meanest look, he simply turned back to his cellphone, giving me the cold shoulder. He didn't say anything. That's a first...
I too got busy with my notes. I wasn't in a mood to be insulted by him either. But like always, we couldn't help but keep sneaking glances - no, this time glares - at each other.
*******
"BOO!"
I jumped, my hand landing over my chest. Breathing unevenly, I turned away from my locker and found Lucas grinning at me.
"You have to stop doing that." I glared at him.
"I can't. It's too much fun." His grin widened.
"It's not for me." I shook my head, spinning back to put my bag in locker.
"Consider it our special greeting. You'll eventually learn to love it."
"I doubt that." I shut my locker and faced him, a small smile creeping on my lips. Interacting with Lucas was restoring some normalcy at this really bad day.
We started walking together to cafeteria. It was lunch. I was little nervous of seeing Addison after our spat in the morning. I wanted us to make up already and not prolong the tension between us.
"Everything's alright?" Lucas asked, his lips falling in thin line as he looked at me. "Is anyone giving you trouble? People here are crazy, and you're kind of getting famous after that..." He drawled, leaving me to complete the blank.
I nodded understandingly, heat rising on my face. He was trying to avoid the subject for my sake. But I wondered what he had to say about the kiss between James and me.
"So is there anyone I have to take care of?" Lucas flexed his fist jokingly.
I stopped in my track when I noticed red spots on his knuckles. He stopped too, and immediately put his fist down when he saw me staring at it. It took me no time to put two and two together.
"You fought with James," I stated. Any other day, I would laugh how funny big-eyed Lucas looked, like a child caught stealing cookies. Right now I felt opposite of funny.
"I didn't fight with him." He looked down, fiddling with his fingers. "I just punched him."
"Are you okay?" I trailed his figure more closely, looking for any signs of injury, and internally flinching at the scuffle between the two giants.
"Yeah, I'm alright. Don't worry Keily." He gave a sheepish smile to reassure me. "James didn't hit back. I just punched that fucker once." He sounded bitter about James even though he didn't hit him.
I ignored the relief flooding my system, knowing James wasn't gruesomely injured as my crazy brain had imagined him to be.
"What happened?"
"He was being stupid, that happened." Lucas muttered, rolling his eyes. We started walking again.
"How was he being stupid?" I questioned. I was really curious what would make Lucas hit James. They were very close friends.
Lucas gazed at me with a frown. "He was just saying some things that I found very offending," came his vague reply, heightening my curiosity. He was dodging the topic.
"Will it be nosy if I want to know what he said?" I bit my tongue, hoping I wasn't overstepping.
"Kind of." He chuckled. "I'm not trying to keep any secret. I just don't want to bring your mood down when I can clearly see you're already having a bad day."
"James said something about me, didn't he?"
Lucas nodded.
We stepped inside the cafeteria and my eyes, without permission, moved to look for the devil. He was at his regular table with other guys, staring back at me. His eyes were accessing Lucas and me calculatingly.
"I'm sitting with you girls today," Lucas said, making me tear my gaze away from James. "I don't want to be near that stupid motherfucker."
I glanced at my table and found only Sadhvi there, who waved at me excitedly. I waved back, internally dreading going near her. The girl wouldn't rest until she made me spill everything about Friday night. I could only wish for Addison or Lola to turn up before I reach our table so that they reel her a little.
"You're always welcome at our table." I smiled at Lucas, and headed toward food counter with him. "So what did James say about me?" I asked quietly as we stood in line. At this point I was literally asking to torture myself. Obviously, that devil said something malicious and hurtful.
Lucas exhaled heavily. "Things he usually say to get to you. Don't think too much?"
"Then what triggered you punching him?"
"Keily, I never liked how he picked on you." He shook his head exasperatedly. "But I didn't expect the same attitude from him after you two kissed. He was very bitter. And I kind of lost it because what an idiot he was being."
My face flushed with embarrassment. "You must think how stupid I am to kiss him when he treats me like that." I cast a quick look at James as we stepped forward. He was talking to Keith, but his eyes were right here to meet mine.
"No, I don't think like that." Lucas gave a small smile. "Haynes is sending very mixed signal, like a moody diva he is. I'm on the sidelines and it's getting very excruciating for me, I can only imagine what it must be like for you. I'd be shocked if the next punch on his face isn't delivered by you." I was so relieved to not be judged by him.
"Then prepared to be shocked. I absolutely won't hit anyone unless they hit me first." I threw him a light glare, showing I wasn't serious. "You should abide by that code too. It was wrong of you to hit him." I meant the last part seriously though.
"Aww c'mon, you should be thanking me, not giving me a lecture." He pouted. "Don't tell me you care about him?"
Color on my cheeks returned, receiving the teasing smirk from him. "I care about you," I said. "And I don't want you and James having fights because of me. You two are good friends and shouldn't let a girl come between." I nudged his side playfully.
"Believe me when I tell you it's his stupidity that's coming between us."
I chuckled, shaking my head. "Speaking of friends, right now Addison isn't happy with me either. I'm going to buy her lunch as a peace offering."
"What happened?"
"She's not exactly thrilled that I kissed James, and I get that." I shrugged. I wasn't going to tell him the whole thing, considering how Addison reacted in car. It wasn't my place to tell anyway.
"Of course. It's Addison." Lucas snorted.
We waited in line for few more minutes before getting our food. I bought lunch for Lola too. I couldn't deprive her of grilled cheese sandwich when she was so good to me. Sadhvi already had her lunch tray.
Addison muttered 'thank you' when I gave her sandwich. We weren't exactly chummy like before but air between us eased significantly. I could see she was feeling guilty too because she chose to sit next to me quietly, her way of saying sorry. Sadhvi, as predicted, tried to get me to talk about party, however, Lucas and Lola were there to save me. Many times I caught my eyes from wavering to James, especially when I could feel him looking at me.
Despite the rough start, lunch break wasn't bad, maybe slightly awkward.
*******
Chapter 21:

Lola's room vaguely resembled a tarot card reader's place I once visited back in my hometown when I was seven. My parents randomly walked into the man's shop as we were returning from a family restaurant. I didn't remember much what he had predicted, probably some made up stuff about my bright future that made my dad smile proudly.
The main wall of Lola's bedroom was painted maroon in contrast to the remaining three cream-colored, carpet and curtains were black, and the different crystals on her study desk and bedrest gave gothy vibe. Her room was smaller than mine, but more spacious, once again reminding me what a hoarder and messy girl I was.
Lola had invited Addison, Sadhvi and me for a girls' night in. It was Tuesday and even though it was a school night, we accepted and somehow convinced our parents. She had texted me her address and my dad dropped me after dinner. Her mother was visiting some relatives with her baby brother, so the whole house was ours. All three of us brought our bags and clothes for the next morning to directly head off to school from her house.
"Let's clean the air between us girls," Lola announced, walking through the door with her arms full of two ice-cream tubs and snacks.
"What do you mean?" Addison asked from the chair in corner, looking up from her phone.
"It means we're going to have heart-to-heart and move past from last Friday's drama." Lola sprawled all the food items in the middle of her queen-size bed, where Sadhvi was showing me photos of her and others on her cellphone, taken before I arrived in Bradford.
"I thought we were watching movies," I commented. Friday's drama involved a certain situation between James and me, and I was still too embarrassed to discuss that night with my friends.
"Do you really think I'll invite you all for some lame movie?"
"Ooh, I have no problem with heart-to-heart but can you at least get a bottle of rum to get our mood going," Sadhvi chirped.
"No drinking. It's a school night." Lola sat on bed with us. She patted the remaining space to Addison, who after rolling her eyes joined too.
Four of us formed a circle, crowding the bed, with snacks at center.
"Now what?" Addison deadpanned.
"Now we talk about what's going on between you and Keily?"
I looked at Lola wide-eyed for addressing the issue so blatantly. Things were still weird between Addison and me. We both cautiously side-stepped the conversation involving James or my cousin's sexuality during small interactions we had. Two of us weren't jolly like before and some tension hung between us. Obviously, nothing went unnoticed from Lola's sharp eyes.
"Nothing's going on."
"Don't deny it Addison." Lola shook her head, before she turned to me. "You, speak." She commanded.
I sneaked a glance at Addison, who was glaring at Lola, but the latter looked completely unaffected and only stared at me. When Lola raised her brows, I relented.
"She's upset because I kissed James," I mumbled, my eyes downcast.
"That's it?" Sadhvi said, trying to open the tub of Ben & Jerry's.
"No that's not it," Addison groaned. She gazed at Sadhvi. "Keily found out about us. She saw us in the room at the party." Tub dropped from Sadhvi's hand into her lap.
"It was only a matter of time before she knew," Lola commented, unfazed.
"You know about them?" I asked, surprised and hurt. Was I the only one who was kept out of loop?
She shrugged. I frowned at Addison. All this time I was beating myself up for stupidly invading her and Sadhvi's secret. I was a new addition in our group but still it pricked that my cousin kept such a huge part of her from me. I knew it was her choice but still...
"Look Keily we're not out yet," Addison said, gauging my sadness, "Lola figured it out herself few months back. Nobody knows about it except people in this room and my mom and dad."
"If your parents know then why are you hiding yourself?" I questioned curiously. "You've always been upfront about everything. The last person I expected to be closeted was you. I mean, you're too strong and cool to be anyone's butt of joke, if that's what you fear. And there are already some gay couples in school to look up to. You and Sadhvi won't be odd one out."
"I don't fear anyone, little sis. I'll sock teeth out of every homophobe who tries anything with us."
"We're not out yet because of me," Sadhvi muttered, twirling a strand of her long hair nervously. "Addison's parents are cool but my folks are pretty orthodox. They lose their shit if I dare mention that I have a guy friend, so one can only imagine what will happen once they know their daughter is a lesbian.
"My family is very traditional. My mum and dad moved here from India when I was three, so they still carried many values from back home. Since childhood they drilled into me to get A plus in every subject and to never get involve with 'white-guys'. I've been always told to never bring shame to the family and behave like a good girl.
"I'm not trying to trash my parents. They're good and honest people. They've changed themselves tremendously too to integrate into the new culture, but you can't expect a person to turn their back on values that have been ingrained in their mind for almost half of their life. That's why almost everyday there's some sort of tussle between my parents and me on my very basic life choices. I just fought them few hours ago to spend night with you guys." She snorted. "I'm not planning on coming out until I'm in college. Not a good idea to bring such a fiasco in my home until I'm far away from it. I can only hope once I'm out of their sight they wouldn't be so naggy and maybe accept me for who I am."
"I want to be out and proud with her," Addison added, taking Sadhvi's hand in hers. "We're planning on applying to universities in New York. There we will be completely free to be ourselves, without any hassle from her people."
"Thank you for doing this with me Addy." Sadhvi smiled at her shyly, putting their held hand over her lap, right next to Ben & Jerry's.
"You guys are so adorable," I commented, gushing at their cuteness, "who wouldn't want you guys to be together?"
"Apparently some people," Lola muttered, grabbing a packet of doritos and flinging it open.
"Keily, yesterday when we were driving to school I overreacted," Addison said, "I'm sorry. Sadhvi's mother called mine on Sunday to complain about us. After that Mom gave a huge lecture and even threatened to ground me. She never does that, I guess Mrs. Bajpai's words got to her. I was worked up about that and took out my frustrations on you." She exhaled heavily. "I'm really sorry."
"Your mom probably wanted to yell at me. My parents can be difficult." Sadhvi nudged her shoulder.
"It's alright." I grinned at the two. When Addison smiled back, it felt like the remaining heaviness between us was lifted.
"Now it's Keily's turn," Lola quipped, putting doritos in her mouth and breaking our endearing moment with her loud munching.
"What do you mean?"
"Don't think that we don't notice how low self-esteem you have?" She handed me her packet of chips. "It's time you open up to us."
"Lola's right. You have body-issues," said Addison, opening the ice-cream tub on Sadhvi's lap. "Let's hear them."
"Come on, let it out," Sadhvi urged too, looking at me eagerly as I hesitated.
Before shifting to Bradford I didn't have any close friend, just some acquaintances to whom I said obligatory 'hello' and talk about assignments or tests. I wasn't used to people my age ever being interested in me other than to poke fun at me. I never had a best friend to share stuff, just my parents sometimes. However, right now these girls before me came closest to best friends I always wanted. So I caved under all three pairs of eyes.
"I'm fat," I spoke, my mouth suddenly feeling dry. "I wish I wasn't. I want to have a body like you guys." God, I sounded so whiny. Saying your insecurities aloud was difficult.
"I hate the attention these extra pounds bring me," I continued, staring at my lap.  "I remember one of my mom's friend warning her to watch my weight right in front of me. I was nine then. Her words left quite a impression on me. From then on I started noticing other adults who made remarks about my weight. Suddenly I began to see new flaws with my chubby body whenever I stood in front of a mirror.
"Things turned bad a year later. I was on a excursion with my classmates and teachers. We went to a water park. I was so excited about it, little did I know it was going to be worst day of my life." I paused, my lips quivering reliving that day. "I was wearing the swimsuit that my Dad got me last minute. He messed up with size so it was a little tight. As I came out of changing room, my foot slipped on something and I fell. I didn't realize other kids were looking until all of them started laughing and pointing at me. The backside of my suit was torn. A boy called me 'big whale' and others laughed harder. I never felt so ashamed in my life. 
"It was first time I was a laughing stock of others, and the legacy continued for years to come. After that day, my classmates took liberty to make fun of me and bully me verbally to the point I became used to it.
"Initially, I was annoyed by my parents' sudden decision to move to Bradford, but now I'm glad I'm here with you guys. Away from those people." I finally moved my head up to give a small smile to girls.
"Those kids are jerks," Addison quipped, "your parents' friends are jerks too. What kind of an adult fucking body-shames nine-year-old?!"
I shrugged. "So many people feel the need to say something about my figure, be it good or bad. Being a big girl, it automatically comes at me. It's like I am a public spectacle to be commented upon. Countless times I have been mocked and leered at while eating pizza or hamburger. My relatives and cousins told me to cut carbs or advised to go on crazy diets, like I already haven't done that. Nothing works-" I shook my head, cutting off my words. I was so going to rant.
"Okay, some things did work. A couple of years back I fell sick because of a crash diet I was on. Sometimes I didn't eat for hours, and other times I caved and shoved junk food like there was no tomorrow. First Mom and Dad were angry, but later they took charge and changed my eating habits. More vegetables, fruits, and healthy meats were added in our family meals, and they encouraged me to be more active. I did lose some weight gradually over the years... But not enough. People still keep bugging me about it." I had always been a chubby kid, but never thought much of it that time. However, when I hit puberty and other kids started teasing me, I developed massive anxiety about how I looked. To cope I turned to different diets, which only made things worse. I was grateful my parents came to the rescue.
"I'm not even close to how I want to look. I have stretch marks on my stomach, lower back, butt, upper arms and- Everywhere. I am afraid to see myself naked.
"Finding right clothes for me has always been a struggle too. I don't like when my arms jiggle every time I go sleeveless. I can't wear body hugging dresses because of the big belly I got. My thighs are so big that I think thousand times before wearing skinny jeans or shorts. Choices for me are so limited, not just in clothes, but it seems like in everything." I sighed.
"And the most annoying part is I am aware there are many people who have it way worse than me. But still, I can't help myself wanting to be thin, and comparing my body to other girls." I finished, feeling so much lighter. Ranting your problems does help.
After a very big moment of silence, Addison suddenly hugged me. I patted her back, resting my chin on her shoulder. Hugs were nice. "Keily, you're beautiful."
I chuckled. "Thanks."
She pulled away and met my eyes seriously. "No, I mean it. You're beautiful. You got pretty curves. Embrace them. It's this fucked up society that sets ridiculous standards. As long as you're healthy, it is not anyone's business how much you weigh." Her compliment meant a lot. She glared at me. "And if anyone gives you trouble, speak up, Keily. Those kids are not making fun of you because you're overweight. They're making fun of you because you're not retaliating. You should not let anyone walk over you."
I frowned as she made more sense than the nagging voices inside my mind. "You're right." She was right. "I promise from now on I won't let anyone make fun of me." Including James. I was tired of being put down or letting others save me. It was high time I stood up for myself.
"Good."
"Insecurities about your body is like a rite of passage that most teen girls go through," Sadhvi said, her mouth full of ice-cream. "I also didn't like my brown skin tone growing up. My issues weren't as serious as yours, but it did bug me for a while."
"Your skin is so beautiful," I said, surprised that someone so perfect like Sadhvi went through similar stuff.
"I know that now."
"Thankfully, my mom never let me be unproud of my black heritage," Addison chirped. "I love half-black me."
"As you should," Lola added, a shy smile on her lips.
"It's so difficult being a girl in this shitty world. Ooof."
"I'm sure boys must have their own challenges."
"Yeah, especially when they don't have awesome girlfriends' support like us." Sadhvi looked at all of us with pride, before her face split in wide grin. "I want a group hug." She stretched out her hands and we all happily complied, giggling.
These girls are not closer to my best friends. They are my best friends.
******
Chapter 22:

"Don't forget about your project," Mrs Green said, picking up her books and binders on her desk, "I'll be going through it tomorrow and I better see some progress." With a warning glare, she stormed out of the computer lab, unaware of the trouble she left behind.
I peeked at James, who was sitting next to me and looking right back at me with a frown. This time I shared the reason for his annoyance: we had to work together.
For past days we'd been avoiding each other, or more like he wasn't bullying or targeting me anymore. He seemed to be content at pricking my body with his blazing gaze from afar, but I too was guilty of stealing glances of him. It had been like that since Monday, and today was Thursday. Maybe his change in attitude had something to do with our kiss, or perhaps the punch that Lucas gave him. I didn't know the reason, but I was totally okay with this new arrangement between us, hoping it'd last forever.
However, a tiny, very tiny stupid part of me was irked at James's sudden mood to ignore me. It made me feel discarded, as though I wasn't worthy of his attention now, even if his attention meant name-calling and insults. Like I mentioned, a very stupid part of me. I was still grappling with my feelings for this asshole.
"James," I called gingerly when I saw him packing his stuff. He stopped and turned his scowling face back to me. I blushed nervously under his smoldering eyes. "We haven't worked on our website this week. What will we show to Mrs. Green tomorrow?"
Working on computer project with James was the last thing I had in mind after all the stuff that happened, so I procrastinated asking him about it, not that he was in any rush either. We barely exchanged words this week. But now we had to put aside our drama for the precious grades. Also, last week Mrs. Green praised our website's homepage, so I didn't want to disappoint her. I was sort of a teacher's pet.
"I have practice," James said, his features relaxed a little, making him less scary, "can you wait for an hour after school?"
I nodded. I already waited for Addison almost daily.
"Then we'll go to my house and work there." He stated, his clipped tone leaving no room for objection. Still bossy as ever. "Later I'll drop you at your home." He stood up, straddling his bag over his shoulder, and stared down at me from his tower-like height. After my feeble 'okay', he walked away.
My eyes tailed his broad back until he disappeared out of the door. A strange giddiness was whirling inside me at the thought of working with him at his house, where we kissed. I didn't know if it was fear or excitement. Or both.
*******
My phone beeped, making my eyes drag away from the notebook I was writing my English essay on.
It was a text from James informing he'd be out in parking lot in five minutes. After messaging him "I'll be there", I packed up my stuff and left the library.
The school had ended almost an hour ago, and like my usual routine I sat in library with my assignments to wait for James finish with his practice. I had texted Addison earlier to tell her I'd be going with him. She wasn't as fussy about it as I expected her to be. I guessed everyone noticed James's change in behavior toward me. My cousin only reminded me to put my foot down this time if 'the bastard' tried anything.
I had already promised myself to not let James verbally bash me as he desired, and Addison's text only encouraged me to fulfill it.
Each step closer to school's back gate felt heavy. No matter my new resolution, I was still nervous of him.
Also my lower abdomen felt funny since lunch.
When I reached the parking lot I spotted James leaning against his black Camaro, looking sinfully handsome as always with his arms folded across the chest and his biceps stretching his full sleeve t-shirt. His hair was wet and few locks covered his forehead. He was just out of the shower.
James stood up straight once he saw me. His piercing gaze lit up my body with awareness. After almost a month I still couldn't control my body's reaction in his presence. It didn't help I couldn't decipher if his eyes contained strong hate or something else. After Friday night, situation between us became more confusing.
"Let's go," he said as I reached him. He opened the car door for me. I climbed inside and he shut the door before rounding the car to settle at driver's.
"Where are the others?" I asked, putting on the seat belt. Many cars were still in the parking and there was no sign of his teammates or cheerleaders.
"I left early," he replied curtly, reversing the car and pulling out of the spot.
"Oh."
We were on the road and the awkward silence stretched between us. I didn't have the will to make small talk with him when he looked seconds away from snapping. I didn't know how long his civility would last. So I just pulled out my phone and mindlessly scrolled through Instagram, highly aware of the devil driving beside me.
When we passed the town's market street near his house's neighborhood, a punching pain erupted in my belly. It was followed by several others that I had to clutch it to stop myself from groaning. This was my body's ritual before I was about to-
Oh... No...
My luck can't be that bad?
A minute later, with pain came the sensation in my underpants that I was fearing. I was dripping. Down there.
Of course, my luck sucks.
"Don't tell me it's time for you to feed." I heard James. And now this asshole decides to talk. I turned to him to find the arrogant smirk plastered on his face. I immediately removed my hand from my belly when I saw him eyeing it.
I shook my head, even though he didn't see it. His attention was back on the road.
"What will you like to eat?" He asked, or more like taunted. "Can't have your stomach empty. I'm sure you're not used to it."
"I don't want anything from you." I threw back weakly, fisting my palm when another wave of uterus-punching hit me.
"As your wish, but don't whine later."
I didn't reply, focusing my energy to stop the flow by clenching my thighs. Yeah, that'll totally work.
Thankfully, James didn't say anything else either.
I didn't have any tampons with me. They were in school locker. I wish I could say I was one of those girls whose period's first days were light and slow. But mine were heavy, and very painful in the beginning. To add cherry on top, I was wearing white cotton pants.
And now here I was, menstruating in James Haynes's expensive Chevy Camaro. God forbid if I stained its leather seat, he'd never let me live it down. I could already hear the insults and taunts from his mouth. He'd make sure to embarrass me for the rest of my school life.
I needed to get out of here.
However, before I could come up with excuse to make James drop me at home, he was already pulling at his mansion's garage.
There went my chance. And dignity. And life.
When James got out of car I made sure to go after him and sneakily check the passenger's seat for any spot. To my relief there was none.
His family garage housed three more vehicles other than his. Jaguar, Range Rover, and Mercedes-Benz. I wasn't in a mood to admire them with my current predicament, but it seemed James was the most humble one when it came to cars.
He opened the backdoor by typing the code on the number pad beside it. We entered the large living room and ascended the stairs. Unlike Friday night, the house looked spooky with no one around. Though I did hear some rattling sounds from the kitchen. James didn't look bothered so maybe they were housekeepers.
I made sure to stay behind him. I tried to use my bag to cover my back in case someone else came out, but it was small and barely reached my waist to provide any cloaking to my butt. Though my cramps calmed down a little on walking, or maybe I was too nervous to pay attention to them.
We reached the hallway upstairs, and memories of party surfaced. Last time I was here when James and I fought. When I told him I hated him. It was a bad night. And today is a bad day. I swear this house was cursed for me.
The wetness between my legs increased with each step. My hands and legs felt clammy. I was panicking silently.
We passed three doors before entering his room. It was big, neat, and bright from sunlight streaming through the large windows. There was a balcony too. His king size bed had lamps on either side, and large LED was right on the opposite wall. Computer desk was next to his bed, having gaming PC and reclining office chair that was common among streamers these days. Walls of the room were white except the center one, which was black and had framed photographs on.
Most of the photos were of him with his school friends - Lucas was almost in every one of them - and only single one was with his parents and brother, taken when he'd probably be no more than 11. Younger James was kind of cute with the wide grin, ice-cream in his hand and London's Big Ben behind him. He looked like a sweet child in it, completely opposite to now. Other photos were of his football championships and at outings with others.
James put his bag on the chair, took out his laptop from the drawer of the desk, and threw himself on the bed.
"You're welcome to join me if that's the invitation you're waiting for," he said when I didn't move. He had already got comfortable on his bed, his legs sprawled out and laptop on thighs.
I was standing near the door. My undies were drenched by now. I had no doubt my pants were stained too. How embarrassing. "Um- I- I need to use the washroom." I had to see the damage and work with toilet papers.
He pointed to his left, not looking up from the screen. To go to the bathroom my backside had to be in clear vision of James - I mean, I could walk backward but that'd be weird. Since he was busy with laptop, him seeing me wasn't going to be a problem if I quickly dashed inside, right?
'Please let my pants be okay.' I prayed, putting my bag on floor - it wasn't helping anyway. I bolted toward the bathroom. My fingers were about to grip the handle when-
"What the hell?!"
*******
Chapter 23:

"What the hell?!"
I immediately spun back, putting my behind away from his sight.
James was staring at me, wide-eyed and mouth agape. He'd seen it.
Holy hell!
I could vouch my face must be at its brightest red. But not redder than my pants by the look on James's face. My hands and feet were cold despite my whole body burning, and not in a good way. The level of embarrassment I felt right now could easily compete to the day my swimsuit tore in water park when I was ten.
He's going to ruin me.
When I saw James's eyes sliding down to my crotch area, I shook out of my frozen state and fumbled for the door handle behind me.
"You-"
Before he could say anything I opened the bathroom door, stumbled inside, and slammed it shut.
I pressed my back against the door to catch my breath, which was coming out in puffs, but I quickly moved away remembering my problem down there. I didn't want to dirty such a clean, nice bathroom. My lips were quivering, and I was seconds away from crying. I felt so ashamed and gross, and thinking how James would have a field day with this one pushed me further on edge.
Not a good time to have a crying session Keily.
After several minutes of hyperventilating, I finally composed myself. I dragged my legs to the front of mirror and checked my bottom.
No!
My white pants were ruined. They were gone. Area around my crotch was smeared in red. Those blood stains weren't going to come out for the next decade.
I rushed to the toilet seat and started rolling out toilet paper frantically to soak the blood from my trousers and underwear. It wasn't working but I still kept going. I had no idea what else to do. And James, my bully and the firsthand witness of my mortifying situation, was just a door away. Heck.
Somewhere between scrounging toilet paper my vision blurred and I heard myself sniffling.
Don't cry. A tear fell. Please don't. Another followed.
Great!
Now I was sobbing and rubbing paper on my drenched clothes simultaneously.
A knock came from the other side, pausing my movements. "Keily." James. I must've been inside for a long time. He knocked again when no reply came from my side. "Keily, you okay in there?" His voice was gentle, surprising me. Wasn't he going to make fun of me?
"Yeah," I replied reflexively. I sounded like a tiny kid.
"Are you sure?" He asked again. "Do you need something?"
Yeah, a drilling machine to dig myself a hole and crawl into it.
"Do you have your sanitary napkins or whatever stuff you use?" He continued. "Also I can lend you my pants, if you want to change out of your trousers."
Is this guy James? I looked at the door confused. He was acting so out of his character, or at least not how I expected him to, just like at the party. My eyes moved down to inspect my mess. Whatever his intentions were, I didn't have the luxury to mull over them with my current state. So I stood up and adjusted my pants to get to the only help I had at the moment.
"I can drop you home-"
I opened the door just enough to peek my head outside. James was two steps away, no hint of disgust or mockery on his face, only a strange softness as he stared back, once again defying my horrendous imagination of him.
"Were you crying?" He questioned, his brows furrowing.
I shook my head, avoiding his eyes and feeling like a lying five-year-old. I should've washed my face before seeing him.
"You're not a good liar." James sighed. "What were you crying about, huh? Are cramps that bad?" He asked seriously. His eyes narrowed as though figuring something out. "Wait, is this the first time you're menstruating-"
"No!" I flushed at the assumption. "No to all. It's just my pants are ruined and you saw..." I shifted on my feet and looked down, feeling uncomfortable.
"Keily, it's just period," he said. "We were taught this shit when we were 12 in sex ed. Also my mom's a doctor so I learned about human anatomy way before other kids, and let me tell you menstruation was not the thing I found repulsive." He snorted. "Don't be embarrassed."
"But you looked at me-"
"I was little surprised, that's it. Your pants were... are really ruined." He clarified and cleared his throat. "Like I said you can borrow my pants."
"I'm going to stain them too." I sniffled.
"Then we can wash them." He mimicked my whiny voice. He chuckled when I frowned. This man was handling the situation way more maturely than I was. "What else do you need?"
"I-I don't have tampons with me and-" my blush returned "-and my underpants are soiled too. I need those. So don't lend me your clothes, they will be messed. And it's not like I can fit in your trousers-"
"That's it," he cut me off.
"Uh- yeah."
"Give me a minute," James took out his cellphone. "I'll get you your stuff." He stepped back, putting his phone on his ear.
"What are you doing?"
"Calling my Mom," he replied hastily, walking away, "because she's a woman too you know."
"But-" Before I could continue he barged out of the room, leaving my peaking head confused and alone.
After sometime I was about to shut the bathroom door when James returned. He had two packets of tampons in his fist. Instead of coming to me he sped straight ahead to another door which led to what I assumed his closet.
He stepped out. "Here." He handed me a navy blue folded cloth and dropped tampons over it. "Change into these pair."
"But-"
"They'll fit. Stop being a baby." I was reprimanded.
I looked down. "Okay, but my underwear-"
"It's tampons, you won't need it. And if you want I can ask someone to run machine to wash your clothes."
"No," I said immediately, redness on my cheeks intact. I was still surprised how casually he was talking about such stuff. "I can wash my clothes. There's no need to trouble someone else."
James stared me down, long enough for me to cower again, before he sighed. "As you wish... Just a tip, use the liquid hand wash to get the blood stains out. It'll get them out."
I nodded and closed the door, finally able to breathe again. Receiving so much generosity from him had stopped my brain from functioning. I had to take a breather.
James's track pants weren't basically tight but they did snug around my butt, and also they were really long that I had to fold them to my ankles. In all, I wasn't too big for them. Though I felt weird wearing them on without any panties. He was right about the liquid hand wash too, it worked like a charm to remove blood stains from my pants and underwear.
As I walked out of the bathroom, James looked up from his cellphone. When his eyes moved through my figure, I felt thousand times conscious of wearing his pants than I did in bathroom. Add in the fact we both knew I was going commando.
"Thanks." I stood awkwardly before him. He was sitting on the bed. "Thank you for your pants and... other things." I was still very embarrassed.
He shrugged. "Do you want to go home or work?"
"I can work." My cramps had already subsided, so currently I was in no state to die. Also it didn't feel right to ditch James after he helped me, even though crawling in my bedroom to relive this humiliating situation was much appealing.
He shifted, leaving the half of bed. "Come here," he ordered, patting the empty space when he saw me hesitating to join him on bed. I was afraid to leave spot on the bed sheet because- well because I didn't have my underpants on. I was always used to wearing them on my periods.
I sat next to him, stretching my legs out, copying his position but squeezing my thighs shut.
James once again settled the laptop on his lap. He moved closer and my heartbeat raised as our thighs brushed against each other. "We have to start with filling drop-down menus." He cleared his throat and looked at me.
"Okay." I nodded.
Before we could start there was a knock on the door. A middle-aged lady in apron walked in carrying a tray.
"Thanks Charlie," James said to her. "Keep it on the bed."
Charlie placed the tray in front of us. "Tell me if you need anything else." Her eyes moved to me and she smiled. I tried to return the gesture as best as I could, while she assessed me and my current dressed state. I wanted to hide.
"Will do, Ma'am." James nodded and she left.
On the tray was two cups of tea and croissants. "I asked her to make some ginger tea, it's good for cramps," James told me. My insides melted.
"You didn't have to do this." This guy isn't James.
"But I did. So eat up. I'm hungry too, it's almost five." He picked a croissant and took a bite.
"Why are you being so nice?" I couldn't help myself from asking. Only Monday this guy called me 'whale'.
The movement of his jaws paused. "Because I can," he said after gulping down his morsel. "It's not very pleasant to have a girl crying in your bathroom. I'm not a monster."
"But you acted like one to me."
"That's why you hate me."
"I can't hate you, even if I want to," my mouth moved without my permission. James's eyes sharpened.
My eyes widened at my slip up. This was becoming a pattern. I was losing my filter a lot in this devil's presence. A long silence followed as we stared at each other. My cheeks heated under his scorching gaze.
"So you don't hate me. That's strange."
"Don't miss out the 'I want to' part."
"Then maybe I should step up my game." He smirked, and my heart thudded. James was back.
"So are you going to bully me again? This time I won't be an easy target." I glared at him, trying to follow Addison's advice. However, I knew I failed when his lips only quirked further.
"Oh, I have something better in mind." He grinned evilly and I gulped. He enjoyed my apprehension. "Drink your tea Keily before it gets cold." He moved away, making me realize our faces had gotten closer, and took another bite of his croissant.
********
Chapter 24:

"James is such a sweetheart," my mom said, handing me the pair of folded navy blue track pants. James's pants. She had brought them from the clothes hanger outside. I had hand-washed his pants last night. They were expensive, and middle-class me didn't allow to put them in washing machine for rough handling, no matter how much of little value they were for James. "You should invite him for dinner. Your Dad likes him too."
I grunted noncommittally, and put the pants in my bag's back chain. I went back to my breakfast, boiled eggs with veggies, having Mom's gushing over James as background noise.
Since my parents found me in men's trousers when I returned home last evening, I had to narrate my embarrassing period incident in James's house to them - or more like to my mom, because once I said 'period' Dad awkwardly excused himself out of the living room. Not all men can be James. Unfortunately, I was more like my dad, if the way I was ashamed of menstruation in front of James was any hint. Mom correctly labelled us two 'prudes'.
Last evening James and I worked on our website till seven before he dropped me home. He was surprisingly well-behaved while we worked even after creepily threatening me to get back to his old ways. Add in the stuff he had done for me instead of kicking me out of his house for almost ruining his car's seats. I was wary of him and his hot and cold behavior.
What a confusing fella!
Addison's Volkswagen honked right on time, five minutes later after I finished my breakfast. Dad was still asleep, like usual, so I said goodbye to Mom and bolted for the front door, eager to get away from her rambling about what a good kid James was. In return I received "invite him for dinner sometimes." Ugh.
"Girl you hate school more than I do, huh." Addison smirked at my sullen face as I sat at passenger's.
I shook my head. "Not I not hate school, but that isn't it." I put on my seat belt and my cousin started the engine.
"Continue."
"Ever had your mom fangirling over the boy who made your life a chaotic mess?"
Addison's eyes, staring at the road ahead, narrowed. "What did James do now?"
"Nothing," I replied immediately, "I mean nothing bad. In fact he helped me..." Once again I narrated the clean version of what happened yesterday, cutting out the me 'crying and behaving like a child' part. After Tuesday night I felt closer to girls, and talking about such stuff was easier to her than my parents.
"He was strangely kind," my cousin commented once I finished. "Especially to you, it was quite unexpected."
"I'd rather have his kindness than him humiliating me for staining my trousers."
"Don't think too much of that. Almost every girl has faced it. Period sucks."
"Yeah, they do," I agreed, feeling light pain in my belly. Usually my period cramps only acted up on first days, but when I felt anxious or tense they linger longer. And right now I was anxious about James.
"So what are you two right now?" Addison asked, and threw a side glance.
"Frenemies." I snorted.
Addison chuckled. "Welcome to the club."
I shook my head. "I have no idea what we are."
"Maybe that kiss finally brought him to his senses. He probably thinks now he has a chance with you."
I blushed. "I don't think so." I remembered his cruel words on Monday morning, labeling me as 'desperate whale' for kissing him. Helping me yesterday was just a random act of kindness, which I shouldn't take for anything else because he was going back to his old ways and apparently step up his game. But now, I wasn't going to take his insults lying down.
Addison looked at me and raised her brows. "I like it that you're angry with him." I realized I was scowling and schooled my expression. "Give him hell and make him pine so hard. It'll be fun to watch."
I flushed harder. "No one is pining for anyone, and it's him who likes giving me hell."
"Then change that. Make sure now he's on the receiving end."
"Calm down, I'm just starting out with this whole confidence thing," I said, eyeing her mischievous grin. "But I promise I'll try my best to do that if he continues with his assery."
********
I found James at his locker before the start of first class with a girl. I'd seen her plenty of times with him before. She was very pretty.
James's shoulder was leaning against locker and a lazy smile washed on his lips. The girl giggled at something he said, and jealousy flared inside me seeing them standing so close, followed by anger at myself for being this pathetic. When it came to him my brain lost its simple reasoning skills... because my reactions weren't very reasonable.
I had to return his pants. I wanted to wait till the girl left before approaching James but he spotted me, so I decided to get over it. His eyes lit up with amusement - and also mischief - watching me come to him. He stood up straight when I reached them, his eyes raking me head to toe. I fought back the redness ready to spill on my cheeks. Even though I was turning over a new leaf, the old habit of being wary of him wasn't going to die overnight.
"Hey," the girl said, breaking my eyes off James. She gave a tight-lipped smile which was supposed to be friendly but wasn't. "You're Keily, right?" Her sharp eyes scanned me.
"Hey," I smiled back, mine more fake than hers, and nodded. I didn't know her name. We didn't share any class. She probably got my name from the aftermath of last Friday night.
"I'm Anne by the way." Anne chuckled awkwardly, easing little bit of tension. Her eyes moved between James and me. "So are you two a thing?" She didn't sound too delighted despite the big smile. I knew her assumption came from our leaked picture on Instagram. She looked at me. "I hope James isn't hiding you. It'll be cruel of this scoundrel to keep hopes of many girls alive." She punched his arm lightly.
"We're no-"
"Who knew my relationship status was whole school's business?" James taunted her, shifting closer to me. "Also I like to believe I don't hold many girls' hopes, but if that's the case then they've been squashed a while ago." I whipped my head in shock to gape at him. A small smirk was playing on his lips. He should be denying her assumptions about us instead of egging them on.
Anne's smile dimmed. "So you two are together," she stated, little grimly.
"No," I said immediately, "we're not together. I was just here to return his..." Somehow I felt bringing up his pants wasn't going to help the situation.
"Oh yes, you have my pants," James said catching on, his smirk widening looking at Anne and then me, "which I lent you yesterday at my place." He almost cheered.
Okay, he's trying to pull something.
"Oh." Anne's smile had completely disappeared. I kind of felt bad for her. She liked James, and here he was deliberately insinuating to her there was something between us.
I was not comfortable to give my embarrassing period story to counter the narrative he was building. I wasn't good at coming up with lies either.
"Were they comfy Keily?" James asked me in a cooing voice.
I was speechless. This guy was impossible.
"I think I'm going to go," Anne said, smiling awkwardly. "Thanks for the notes James." She waved the binder in her hand which I hadn't noticed earlier, and walked away.
"What was that?" I interrogated James once she was out of sight. I stepped away from him.
"What was what?"
"Don't play. You were trying to make us look like we have something going on."
He sighed. "Anne's a good girl, but little dense sometimes, or maybe she's persistent. She wasn't taking hints that I'm not interested in her." Not going to lie, I felt good knowing he wasn't interested in her. "And you just walked in right now. It felt easier to play into her presumptions about us to get her off my back. Consider it repaying your favor for yesterday."
"You can't just use me like that." I glared at him.
"Use you?" James scoffed. "Really?"
"Any rumor regarding you spreads like a wildfire here. You shouldn't drag me into it."
He shook his head, staring down at me. "People already have lot to gossip about us after you kissed me at party. Don't worry, this will barely scratch your image."
My cheeks finally reddened. He was right, but I didn't want to back down. "I thought you didn't want to be associated with me."
"Then maybe you should think harder."
"With all the mood swings you have, it's pretty hard to think what you want."
That shut him up. We stared at each other and I realized we had moved closer. I stepped back, my blush rising at full force. I took off my bag from shoulders and unzipped the back chain to take out his trousers.
"Here." I handed them to him. "Thanks for your help yesterday," I said curtly and turned around to go to the class.
"Keily," James called, gently, making my insides fuzzy just hearing my name. I stopped and faced him again. I was taken aback by his determined face. His eyes were hard and lips pursed, contrary to the softness in his voice.
"What?"
"Since my mood swings confuse you then let me make it clear what I want." He stepped forward and didn't stop until our bodies were inches apart. "I want you."
I blinked, twice. He wanted me.
His eyes were trailing my face and paused on my lips. I was mapping his face too. Air around us became heavy and my skin buzzed with awareness. I was becoming familiar with this thing between us.
He wants me. He. Wants. Me.
"A-are you making fun of me?" I asked, trying to keep my head straight. It was too good.
His lips pulled down in a frown. Unlike other times it looked kind of cute. No, don't think he's cute. He's evil.
"You were going to step up your game, is this it?" I said, feeling vulnerable and insecure. I didn't trust James. For all I knew it could turn out to be another tasteless joke to have a good laugh.
"Don't tell me I fucked up that much?" He groaned.
I created space between us and moved my eyes away from him. I spotted some students looking at us, and blushed again feeling uncomfortable. I didn't want to repeat what happened at his party.
"I have to go." I still didn't meet his gaze. Ultimately, I always lost against him despite all the teachings from Addison.
"Okay," James said, probably sensing my discomfort. But before I could leave he held my wrist, stopping me from running away. His hand was warm. "Just remember I mean it. I want you." He moved closer and his lips brushed against my ears. "And this time I'll do it fucking right to get you." I couldn't make out if he sounded scary or sexy...
He freed me to storm out of the hallway, flushed and scared for my dear life. Why this devil has to keep playing with me?
*******
Chapter 25:

James. James. James.
He was all that swarmed inside my mind, borderlining on obsession. Was it healthy to think about one person every five minutes? Probably not. But I couldn't help myself. The bomb he dropped on me this morning got me restless and excited.
"I want you."
He wants me.
Every time I replayed his confession in my mind, butterflies erupted from my chest to belly. I felt like I was on cloud nine...
But then his insults and cruel words barged in to crash me back to reality, and I was reminded how messed up our situation was. I couldn't just up and forget about his horrible behavior. He had degraded me, hurt me. And a part of me - a not so small part - was skeptical about him and this thing between us.
"Coach is eating our brains off about the season," Lucas grumbled. "I know the guy breathes football, but damn he needs to chill."
Lucas had run into me on our way to calculus class, while I was daydreaming about his friend. Now we were walking together to the classroom. I was anticipating as well as dreading to see James there.
I nodded to Lucas's words. "There's already so much pressure on you guys about winning." Football season was only a couple of weeks away and given how the game was a religion here, I could imagine the burden of everybody's expectation on the team, especially Lucas, since he was the captain. But then again, Coach might also have his fair share of load to lead the team in event.
I wonder how James felt about it. After Lucas it was him everyone look up to.
"And this time it's more shitty because the scouts will be coming to see us. My college scholarship depends on this season." Lucas exhaled heavily. "Martin shoves that in my face every time, like I'm already not losing sleep over it."
"It's okay to be nervous but try not to stress yourself out," I said, trying to pacify our quarterback. "Coach is most likely losing his sleep over you too. You're his favorite."
He smiled before fiddling with his fingers, a habit I learned when he was agitated. "I'm just scared. My future is on the line here."
I didn't know how to respond. It was already nerving to play with so many eyes on you, and to have your future decided how you perform under all that pressure could definitely be excruciating. I had been part of the crowd, and I was aware of the expectations I, a person who could care less about the rumbustious game, put on our team at Friday's game.
"I don't want to fuck it up. Football scholarship is my only ticket to higher education." Lucas looked at me, anxiety and uncertainty brimming in his eyes. "It's the only thing I'm good at. I can't imagine myself doing anything else. If I don't succeed in it, I have no other plans."
It was first time I was seeing Lucas this vulnerable. I hadn't realized we had gotten this close for him to share his insecurities. He always acted so suave and amicable. This scout thing was really putting him on edge.
Colleges were big deals for me too, so I could at least empathize with him on that.
"You can't control the outcome but you can control your actions," I said, "focus only on your practices and game. I know it's easier said than done but don't lose yourself to worrying. It's going to eat away your energy." I felt so hypocritical saying that when I myself was the oozing big ball of anxiety and overthinking. Someone rightly said, it was easier to preach than to follow. "I'm telling you this from experience. The more you make big deal of something, the more overwhelming it becomes." I added, hinting I was no saint.
"You're right, but..."
"But it's not easy to follow through," I finished with a snort. His chuckle followed. "I'm sorry I am not being very helpful. But if my unprofessional opinion matters, I think you're very good at football. You'll be fine."
"Thanks. Your unprofessional opinion matters very much to me." He beamed proudly, and I felt good for making him feel teeny bit better. "And you're being helpful by letting me vent. When I'm stressed that's what I need." I nodded. He didn't need advice, just a ear to listen to him. "Guys are too much of dipshits to take my problems seriously. James is kind of alright in that regard. Usually it's him who I pester, but right now you play a pretty good make-believe therapist too." He bummed my shoulder playfully as we neared our classroom.
My stomach swirled at the mention of James.
"Thank you for the honor of therapist that I can't live up to." I gave Lucas a mocking glare. "But what I'm hearing is that I'm replacement for James. When will you guys end this fight?" I noted the tension between them both since Monday.
"We're not fighting per se, we're just not on talking terms." He huffed.
I sighed. "I don't want any trouble between you guys because of me." I felt awful being the reason for Lucas grudging against his friend, especially now that I was discovering how close they were.
"Don't be such a goody two-shoes Keily. Let him suffer a little."
"What about you?" We stepped inside class and my heart sped up finding James at his seat. His fiery gaze locked with mine, stealing my breath and heating me up.
"No worries for me, I already have you." Lucas threw his arm around my shoulders pulling me in a side hug, and I saw James's eyes darkened. The way those narrowed slits focused on us, I finally discovered the meaning behind them.
Jealousy.
My insecurities and his taunts and jeers had before stopped me from reaching the conclusion that he could be jealous of someone else touching me. But now I had more context.
"I want you." If I went by his words of course.
I was gleeful, scared, thrilled, bitter, wanting him, hating him all at the same time, having no idea which one to settle on. He's jealous for me. Just kill me right now.
Lucas's arm on me didn't last for even a minute before he let go and we walked to our desks. I noticed a triumphant smirk on his lips when I managed to tear my eyes away from James. I realized Lucas deliberately got touchy-feely with me in front of James to incite him. I didn't know whether to smack the idiot or thank him for extracting my revenge.
"Thank god today's no practice," Lucas said after we settled on our seats. "Tomorrow Martin is going to kill us with training, but for now I can't wait to get home." He yawned and stretched his limbs before peering at me with a mischievous smile. "You should come to my place with me sometimes Keily, I'd love to show you to my Mom. Although she's usually at work this time but we can have our fun until she returns." His suggestive statement was loud enough for certain someone to hear.
Without blinking, my eyes moved to James, who was glaring holes at his table. His jaws were clenched and fingers digging at the timber painfully.
Whatever Lucas had intended, he achieved. And I, shamefully, enjoyed it.
*******
"Your website looks good." Mrs. Green was going through the website on computer that James and I were working on. Our pen drive was attached to James's system and he was standing to let her have the seat.
"Well, I'm impressed," she commented once she finished, bringing a smile to my face. She stood up and before leaving remarked offhandedly, "You two make a good team."
"Yeah we do." James dropped on his chair. I noticed his lips pulled up a little before going back down. Throughout the class he sported a scowl, which I suspected had to do with Lucas teasing him in calculus. I was no innocent either because I didn't stop him.
When bell rung I jumped off my seat and stormed out of the lab. Spending time in that devil's proximity was turning my half-functioning brain mushy.
"Keily." My feet stopped as I heard him call my name. We were in the hallway.
I turned back to find James stomping toward me. His angry frown was intact. My insides twinged with fear.
When James reached me, my defenses went up picturing his 'old-self' in his menacing stance and the glower he was giving me.
"Come with me," he asked- no demanded. I stared at his hardened face, afraid to say anything. I didn't want to go anywhere with him when he was looking like that, but his dark eyes had me suspecting if I said no he'd have no problem throwing me over his shoulder to carry me out of here.
I shouldn't have let Lucas tease him in calculus. It only came around to bite me.
James sighed, his features softening slightly as he studied my face. "Please," he said, a single word taking all his strength, "I want to talk. I won't mind doing it here but I thought you don't like others nosing in our business."
I looked at other students around, throwing curious glances at us. He thought right.
"Okay." I didn't have the heart to refuse when he said please. I was a mess for him.
I followed him to an empty classroom and doubted my decision when he stood before me, staring me down with those blazing eyes. Sunlight was streaming through the windows behind him, lighting half of his face. He looked heavenly.
"What do you want-"
"Lucas is just messing with you," he announced, "he's flirting with you to get reaction out of me. Don't get wrapped up into it." He sounded jealous.
"Not everything is about you James." I frowned, even though on the inside I knew he was right.
"I know, but right now it's about you. I don't want you getting hurt."
He didn't want me hurt. My frown deepened. "It's funny coming from the guy who hurt me everyday."
"I'm not doing it now!" James defended himself before taking a deep breath to compose himself. "I'm trying to set things right and I don't want anyone to worsen them. Don't be gullible to think Lucas likes you."
Gullible!
I glared at him. "I'm not gullible. I know what he's doing. And I also know you're not concerned for me, just jealous."
"I'm concerned for you," James stated, then his eyes sharpened. "But you're not as innocent as you look, are you? You know what he is doing and you're not stopping him. So Lucas is not the only one who wants reaction out of me."
My cheeks colored and he smirked.
"You're right, I'm jealous too. I fucking get jealous when Lucas touches you. I don't want anyone else touching you other than me."
"You have no right." My voice was tiny. He was so close, I could feel our body heat meshing together.
"I know. But it's not easy to reason that when Lucas has his arm around you and I want to-" he paused, his brows knitting angrily.
"You want to?" I urged.
His gaze dropped on my lips and before I knew they were smashed against his.
He kissed me aggressively as though he'd been starved of it. My fingers curled around his soft hair, trying to keep pace with him. His hand snaked around my waist to push me more into him, while other steered my neck to deepen the kiss and let him plunge his tongue inside me. He was ravishing me with no qualms.
When he let go I was red, gasping, and staring at him in daze.
James looked at me. "Fuck," he groaned and once again my lips were captured by his. This time he was slow, gentle, relishing our taste together. We continued for as long as we could without losing our breaths.
After we pulled away, James beamed and I was a goner. He twirled a strand of my messed-up hair around his finger. "I want to drag you away from him and kiss the life out of you to show everyone you belong with me." Wait, what?... Oh.
He kissed my cheeks, sparing my swollen lips. "Kissing you in reality is way better than I can ever imagine." He imagines kissing me. He dropped another peck on my jaw. "I swear, after that night it was so hard to control once I had the taste of you. It was a torture to see you everyday strut around and not kiss you." His nose brushed my ear as he kissed my neck.
I whimpered, leaning into him.
"Fuck." I felt his hold on my waist tighten. "You're ruining me Keily Harris." He reluctantly backed away, but kept me in his arms and stared at me longingly.
Slowly, nagging voices inside my head became louder, telling me this was wrong. I was being weak to cave just like that. I had to hold on to some dignity.
Then came the insecurities about my body, that he was touching. I felt fat, and pictured the flab covering me. I became aware of the rolls on my belly, where James's fingers were drawing circles. His insults - piggy, whale, fat, slut - attacked my mind.
I pulled myself away from him, tears pricking my eyes. I didn't want to see his disgusted face when he changed his mind about me and decided I was ugly for him.
Guilt followed at my self-hating thoughts and tears rolled down my cheeks. I was pathetic.
"Shit!" James cursed. "What the fuck did I do now?" I would laugh at his wide-eyed, scared face if not for my state. He placed his hand on my shoulders, looking pained seeing me crying. "Keily, I'm sorry." He didn't know what he was sorry for.
I shook my head, trying to control my sobs.
"I'm sorry."
I sobbed harder. Can he stop being this sweet already?!
"I shouldn't have come off this strong. I'm sorry."
"N-no," I finally said, finding my voice, "it's just we-e shouldn't be like this. It's wrong."
"Please don't say it's a mistake." There was fear and pain in his tone.
"Or else you're going to throw me aside and call me 'desperate whale'." I sniffled. I was lashing out my hurt at him.
Guilt coated his features. "I didn't mean it. You're not any of those things. I was stupid. I'm sorry." He leaned down and cupped my cheeks. "You're beautiful."
I wanted to believe him but I couldn't. I didn't trust him to not revert back to his old ways. His sweet words melted me but they weren't enough. My insecurities were winning. They were overwhelming.
James let my face go. He realized he couldn't get through me right now. "I promise I'll make it right." He rubbed his fingers over his eyes. Great! I made him cry too. "I promise."
We both sniffled, noses red. I wished our make out sessions didn't end in crying ones.
"Let me drop you home," he offered, when our eyes dried out.
I nodded. I wanted nothing more than to curl inside my blankets.
*******
Chapter 26:

An online article I read week ago said fruit juice could be as unhealthy as soda when it came to sugar and calories. Really! And when I thought I was making right choices with fruit juice, internet had to slap me in the face.
With a defeated sigh I moved on from the large shelf, containing various colorful brands of different fruit juices - marketed as healthy, to the fresh fruits and vegetables section. Someone should sue these companies for their half-true - sometimes even false - claims. According to the article I needed fiber too, not just liquid fructose, to reap full benefits.
On the way I dropped two cans of soda from the fridge in my trolley. I wasn't big on them, but if I was giving up four litres worth of juice in a month, my body could afford two small cans of soda. Balance; it was what my parents drilled into my head when I had fallen sick due to crash diets at sixteen.
Balance your meals, don't starve yourself of food that you like. Just limit it if it's unhealthy.
It was a lazy Sunday morning when Mom dragged me out of my bed to run her errands. She had handed me her card and a grocery list before waving me off the door after breakfast. I wasn't in best of my moods after waken up before 8 am on Sunday, but at least shopping for my own food was better than nagging my mom to get the right cereals. I can be such a kid sometimes.
As I was collecting apples in paper bag, I spotted a familiar tall brunette in the aisle with a store's small basket in her hand. Myra. Lucas's girlfriend... or ex-girlfriend?
Before I could decide whether to say hi or pretend to not know her, her eyes already found me. Her brows knitted in recognition as she looked back at me, and it didn't take her long to start marching toward me. I couldn't help but notice how perfectly primped she was, unlike me who was in worn-out sweatshirt and track pants. Her latina features stood out beautifully against green eyes.
"Hey," she said, her smile sickly sweet, "you're that girl at the party?"
"Keily," I answered, gripping the trolley's handle tightly.
"I'm Myra."
"I know."
She nodded, her eyes accessing me down. "So I heard you and Lucas are good friends." Her tone implied she meant something else. I felt confronted and the height difference between us only added to my apprehension.
"We are just friends."
"Sure you are." She chuckled, but there was no humor. "Walking down the hallways together, having his arm around you, kissing at Keith's party. You two absolutely look like friends."
"Are you spying on him?" I asked instead, not knowing how to refute her claims. Lucas treated me like Addison and other girls, but he did get touchy-feely with me around James to rile him up. I, at first, thought it was just to nag his friend, but now I had learned he was trying to make James jealous. Fault was on me too, I never stopped him. I liked riling up James too because he had been an ass to me.
"I'm not spying. I have better things to do." Myra rolled her eyes. "Just saying what others at your school are watching. There's always some truth to rumors. And going by your face, there is." I should've accounted for the Lucas's popularity before playing this game with him. Of course other people noticed and gossips traveled to Westview High. "I saw that post of you kissing James too," she added, causing me to blush. "So are you two-timing them?"
"D-did you just come here to insult me?" I choked, taken aback by her blatantly disrespecting me.
"I'm just saying." She shrugged, trying to look aloof but failing. She was 200% jealous. Lucas and her had their thing going on and somehow I had fallen between it.
Who could've guessed Bradford had so much drama to offer me?
"I'm not two-timing anyone," I said. "I'm friend to Lucas, just like Addison. And so you know, I never kissed Lucas at Keith's party or anywhere else." Although we were about to, but it had its reason which weren't romantic. In the end James didn't let us kiss, so technically we didn't kiss.
Myra's eyes trailed my body and a smirk stretched on her lips. "I guess I should believe you. No matter how much of a douche he is, Lucas's taste can't fall that bad."
"Watch it!" I snapped, probably attracting others' eyes, and glared at her. I was tired of being put down because of my body, first my old classmates, then James and now her. Was there a big 'Doormat' spelled on my forehead? "You have your problems with Lucas, don't drag me into them. He and I are good friends, which I value. If you don't like it, bring that to him instead of taking it out on me. Calling me fat isn't going to resolve your relationship issues."
Her smirk dropped and features softened, making her look regretful. Good!
When she didn't say anything I moved past her to continue with my shopping. I felt proud of standing up for myself and not letting her stomp on me.
"Wait!" Myra called. I stopped and she was in front of me once again. "Sorry, I was out of line there. I got little carried away."
I nodded at her apology. I knew she had strong feelings for Lucas despite their fight.
"Honestly, I shouldn't say that stuff to you even if you two were dating. You're right, my problem is with Lucas, not you." She sighed. "Do you know why we broke up?"
I shook my head. Lucas never talked about her and I didn't insist, not wanting to make him uncomfortable. He never pushed my boundaries and I wanted to reciprocate that.
"Well, three months back he dumped me claiming that I was cheating on him. He didn't even let me explain. He was too stubborn. Granted we were going through a rough patch back then with some other stuff too. So communication wasn't that well.
"Turned out the idiot saw me with my cousin, who was visiting our family. He suspected I was cheating with him." She rolled her eyes. "One thing led to another and here we are."
"Did he try to make it up to you when he found out?" I asked.
"Yeah, he did, but he doesn't get the easy way." Her lips twisted in a scowl. "The shit he said and the way he acted when I tried to reach him was hurtful. I am now giving him the taste of his own medicine."
"Why are you telling me all this?"
"If you're good friends with Lucas you should know that." Myra shrugged. "Since he didn't tell you, I did."
I shook my head, pressing my lips to hide a smile. "You are just trying to ward me off him. You're staking your claim on Lucas."
"Uh-" her light dusky skin hid her blush. "I'm..."
"It's okay. I'm not interested in him that way anyway," I reassured her. "By the way I thought you two got back together at James's house?" I asked curiously.
"We didn't," she said simply, indicating that was all she was going to share.
"Okay."
"So you didn't kiss Lucas, but you sure as hell kissed James. So are you two a thing?" Questioned Myra.
My face heated. "It's complicated."
Her brows raised. "Relationships are complicated," she muttered. "If there's anything I can say about James is that he's a good guy, sometimes little callous with the people he is close to, but still good. Rest is up to you."
I nodded. Yeah, James had been very callous to me.
"I guess I should go." She looked at her watch. "I have to be somewhere. Again, sorry for that earlier stuff."
I smiled. "No worries."
I watched Myra dropping some vegetables in her basket and rushing off to the counter, before getting back to picking out my fruits.
*******
Someone had to jinx my Mondays. Every time I returned to school from weekends something always hung heavy in my mind... And it was somehow always related to James. Maybe, he's the one to jinx them.
Today it was embarrassment of what had happened when I was with him last time.
It was English class and Mr. Crones was going on about The Crucible, one of the plays that we were going to read this year. James was beside me. We hadn't spoken to each other after he dropped me home last Friday. I was embarrassed of crying in front of him after we had kissed. But there was at least some consolation that he was in the same boat because he had shed some tears too.
I glanced at the source of my pacing thoughts. His brows were furrowed and lips were pressed together in concentration as he glared ahead at board, where Mr. Crones was writing.
He was gorgeous. I could stare at him all day.
Suddenly James's dark eyes were looking back at me. My cheeks reddened at being caught. I darted my gaze away when he smirked. Small goosebumps went through my arms and I blushed harder feeling his eyes on me. No matter what, he'll remain cocky as ever.
Something hit my neck from behind and a crumpled note fell on my lap. I opened it.
"Our boy is a veteran. He doesn't fall without a fight. If you want him, kiss him like you did at party."
I frowned and turned around to find few guys at backseat chuckling to themselves, looking at me. They were in football team with James.
The note was snatched out of my hand. James was reading it, clutching the edges tightly. He faced back and threw a menacing glare at the guys until their snickers stopped. They looked surprised. Apparently, they weren't expecting James to not join them in their joke.
"Sleazy fuckers," I heard him mutter as he settled back. He looked at me. "If anyone else gives you trouble, come to me."
"I can handle myself," I whispered, even though I felt fuzzy knowing he wanted to look out for me. But I had to stop relying on other people. "And no one here can match to you when it comes to giving me trouble."
"Good," he said, amused, "no one should match to me. Only I'm allowed to pester you. I won't let anyone else do that."
I frowned.
He leaned forward and smiled. "You're only mine to trouble, to fluster, and to have. You're mine Keily."
My body lit up, my cheeks undoubtedly resembling ripe tomatoes. "W-what if I don't want to be yours?"
"Then I'll make you." He grinned, his white canines shining like those of predator's. He was so teasing me. And enjoying it. You can't take a bully out of this guy. "But something tells me you won't mind being mine."
I glared at him, ignoring the damn zoo fluttering in my stomach. We both knew my angry facade wasn't working. "You're the worst," I groaned, looking away. "Asshole," I grumbled to myself. He was such an asshole playing with me like that.
"I know you like to call me that, but maybe you should start searching for a more endearing nickname. You're going to need it," he teased, and leaned back in his chair when Mr. Crones narrowed his eyes at us.
What about Asshat?!
******
Chapter 27:

"BOO!"
Lucas jumped, his head hitting the locker's door. "Oww!"
I laughed as he turned around to glare at me.
"That hurt!" He rubbed the side of his head.
"Not very pleasant to be sneak attacked, is it?" I teased.
"Since when did you become the Punisher?" Lucas grumbled and spun back to shut his locker.
"Ever since I learned vengeance is so sweet."
"Addison is bad company for you." He looked at me, furrowing his brows like an admonishing school principal.
"And it's coming from you?"
A smile played on his lips that threatened to break his serious facade. "Okay, you got me." I chuckled and he at last smiled. "Let's go. I can't wait to stuff my mouth with our cafeteria's delicious food," he said sarcastically.
"Wait." I stopped him. "I want to talk to you." It was lunch and my stomach was roaring to fill it with school's delicious food too. But it had to wait for a while. I was on a mission.
These days Lucas was sitting at our table with girls, but I wanted to talk to him in private, that's why I took the long way and sought him out early.
Lucas nodded and stared at me to begin.
"It's about James."
"What did the fucker do now?!" I noticed his fist tightening. I didn't like his angry reaction at the mention of James's name. It shouldn't be like that.
"He didn't do anything, at least not anything bad." Oh, he did bunch of stuff, but they definitely weren't bad. I tried to keep my cheeks from reddening, thinking about how James helped me at his house or when he kissed me last day at school. "I meant about you and James. You guys are being ridiculous by still fighting."
I wanted Lucas to patch up with James already. They had been dragging their fight for too long. Though it wasn't my place to interfere, I felt responsible, because ultimately I was - kind of - the reason behind their spat. I wasn't interested in playing their mother, but maybe I could nudge Lucas a little to let go of his hostility. The two were childhood friends. I could see Lucas struggling by not having James by his side. Sure he had many friends, but James was his person.
Football season was coming up too. I didn't know whether the two could keep their animosity out of the playing field, but it would definitely help if they didn't have the animosity in the first place. Also victories and losses felt much better with friends.
Another reason - that took me a while to admit to myself - I wanted them back together was because I was turning soft on James. I knew he must be feeling lonely without Lucas too. I didn't like the thought of him suffering.
I am a goner for that boy!
"Oh come on Keily, don't do that. He deserves it, seeing how he bullies you."
"We both know he has stopped now," I argued. "I really appreciate what you did there for me, though I obviously don't condone your actions, but don't pin this on me now when you both are dragging out your fight because of your stupid egos."
"Maybe we are." Lucas huffed, folding his arms and leaning his shoulder against the locker. "But I won't be making the first move. It should be him who should apologize."
He looked above my head at something behind. My back tingled, feeling familiar awareness of certain someone's eyes. I turned back to find James standing with Axel and Keith near the backdoor. When did he come? Keith's locker was at same hallway as Lucas, so he was probably here for him. The boys were conversing among themselves, but James's eyes were here, on us.
I frowned in confusion when James narrowed his eyes. I gazed back at Lucas to see him glaring back and moving closer to me. I sighed. Both of them were behaving like giant toddlers.
"To be fair, it was you who punched him. He didn't even retaliate," I said, getting Lucas's attention and stopping his eye daggers.
"He totally deserved that punch!"
"What's up with you jocks and using violence?" I shook my head. "Maybe he did, but it isn't right to hit someone-"
"Why are you taking his side?" Lucas scowled. "You're not supposed to defend him. You're supposed to bash him with me."
"I-um-" he would be right if not for the things that happened these past few days. I caught myself looking back at James and blushed. "Recently he has been good to me."
"Has he?" Lucas leaned down with a smirk, purposefully getting our faces closer.
"Don't do it." I stepped back. It didn't feel right to continue with this act. Myra didn't like it. James definitely didn't like it. Now I wasn't liking it either.
Lucas pouted. "Don't do what?" He feigned innocence.
"Don't play dumb. You know what I mean. I ran into Myra yesterday at grocery store. She thought we had something going on. People here talk about us and it reached her ears too. It was so awkward between us."
"What did she say?" He asked curiously. His demeanor changed at the mention of Myra.
"Not much. She just gave a very short version of why you guys broke up. You wrongly accused her of cheating on you."
"Of course, I am the evil guy," he commented bitterly, before leaning down, his green eyes glinting. "What she thought of you and me? Like, was she jealous or something?" He really tried to sound like he couldn't care less.
"Kind of." I shrugged, hiding my smile. "But I am not speaking for her."
"Are you two planning on skipping lunch?" Someone said from behind.
I turned around. James, Keith and Axel were here. Keith and Axel had amused smirks on their faces, whereas James was frowning. My face heated under his accusing gaze.
"We were about to head off," Lucas told Axel, "thank you for your concern."
Axel rolled his eyes. "Stop being a bitch Lucas and come sit with us. Now it's getting annoying."
"Yeah, will you two just cut it out," Keith added, looking at James and Lucas.
"We'll cut it out when we want to." Lucas huffed. "C'mon Keily, let's go."
"Keily, will you sit with us today?" Keith popped the question before we could move.
"No, she will not," Lucas answered immediately.
"Let her speak," said James. He turned his scowling face at me.
My blush returned under all the pair of eyes.
"Yeah, join us. We are one friend down, we can use another one," Axel urged, taunting Lucas. "We'll buy you lunch."
"I'll buy her lunch," Lucas announced.
"Or maybe we can ditch this shitty food and I can drive us to pizza place nearby," James suggested, his scowl intact and not at all looking inviting. "Treat's on me."
"You won't make it back in time."
"Who cares?" He shrugged.
"Doesn't matter. I'm not going to leave her with you."
"Last time I checked you were not her dad."
"Oh, I'm definitely not her dad." Lucas smirked. "I'm something better." What?
James's jaw clenched. He looked ready to kill. "Do you think I don't know what you're doing? Your shitty acting is not working. You're not her anything. I already have her-"
"Hey, stop it!" I interjected, my face red with anger and embarrassment. These two were talking as though I wasn't her. They are shameless. "You both are hopeless. Why was I even trying? You know what? Bash each other's heads like buffoons for all I care. You two deserve to be miserable without each other. I'm done feeling guilty." With that, I swiveled around and stomped away. I hated the attention my outburst drew.
"Stop checking her out dude." I heard Lucas mutter.
"Shut your mouth Parks," James warned. Oh God!! I thought my face couldn't burn more. I was wrong.
By the time I reached cafeteria lunch was half over. Addison, Lola and Sadhvi raised their eyebrows at my sour face. But I wasn't in a mood to say anything. They would know from somewhere else anyway. People here loved to gossip.
Oh, and Lucas didn't come to our table. He was back at his regular one.
*******
I rubbed off the steam from mirror and looked at my reflection wrapped in a towel. I had an average face for a white teenage girl, discounting my chubby cheeks and double chin... or maybe they were sort of okay too. Though I did wish for a smooth skin, free of the red spots and acne on sides and forehead. I envied those who didn't have to deal with this part of growing up.
Then came my body, with which I shared a complicated relationship. I hated my chunky belly, big thighs, jiggly arms, and most of all the ugly stretch marks covering them - courtesy of puberty. However, there were some times, although rare, when I admired my breasts and curvy hips. I felt pretty. Until the harsh opinions of others that I heard majority of my life bombarded my mind.
I knew it was not a good life strategy to let others define me, but it was hard to not derive your values from people around you. Their words imprinted on your mind, conscious or unconscious. So in the end their harsh opinions mattered.
I was working on self-love. I ate right and not go on crazy diets, also tried to stay active. I had read books, blogs and watched YouTube videos, preaching body-positivity. They all reaped some benefits. But in the end, having good company of Addison, Lola, Sadhvi, and even Lucas was working wonders. Mom and Dad were awesome too, but acceptance from your peers provided different validation. Friends was what I lacked in Remington. My schoolmates there hadn't been so kind. I thanked my lucky stars that we moved away from that toxic place.
I unwrapped the towel and put on my nightwear. Usually I didn't wash myself at night but tonight I felt like taking a warm shower before sleeping.
I walked out of the bathroom into my room, threw myself on the bed, and picked up my phone lying next to pillow.
My heart fluttered, seeing there was a recent message from James. I opened it.
"Hey, I just want to apologize for today. I was angry at Lucas. I didn't mean to be so brash. I'm sorry for bringing you into it."
I smiled. I fell harder, seeing his considerate side.
Truth be told, I was more flustered than furious when James and Lucas were arguing. Their bluntness took me aback, and it didn't help that Keith and Axel were there too. I had ignored James and Lucas in calculus class, so it was natural for them to assume I was angry.
I scrolled above and compared this message with our last ones, when James was threatening me on our computer assignment. There was so much contrast. When did he become so... different?
"Apology accepted. At least you and Lucas made up." I sent back.
Not a minute later he was back online. "Only because he was too afraid to see you. Honestly, I was little too."
I grinned. "Who knew I can be so scary? We thought it was your department."
"Be careful before I take you on that challenge. 
"I kind of liked you going off though. We deserved it for our bullshit."
My grin grew wider, but I didn't want to let him off the hook so easily. "If I remember correctly when I tried to go off on you in the past, you didn't take it so humbly."
"You're right, I didn't. I didn't want you standing up to me."
My smile faded. "Why?"
"It might come off as evil but I liked the power over you. It let me keep you."
"Keep me? I'm not your pet." I frowned.
"I know it's twisted. I'm not proud of it."
"Then what changed?"
"I realized my mistake."
"Thank you for that."
"Besides, there are other ways to keep you. Not as a pet ;)"
Oh god. I blushed at his implication. I didn't know what to reply and stared at the screen. A minute later he texted again.
"It's late. Good night and sleep tight. I won't mind you having a dream or two about me."
My face colored further. It felt surreal having James flirt with me. This was all so new. So much better than before.
"Good night." I sent back, and threw my phone on bed when he went offline.
His 'good night' didn't mean anything because I wasn't sleeping tonight. I couldn't. Thanks to him.
I wouldn't be dreaming of James, but thinking of him throughout the late AMs.
******
Chapter 28:

The whole week went by in a haze and Saturday was here. Right now us girls were driving to the town's outskirts for the Fall Carnival, which was pitched on the land at lakeside. It was organised yearly and lasted for about three weeks.
Certainly, my social life got a big boost in Bradford. There was always something new to do at weekends. Carnival had started only few days ago, and we made the plan to visit as early as possible before all the good stuff got sold out.
Today I was in my skinny jeans and denim jacket with a yellow t-shirt under it. When I had glanced at myself in the mirror at home, my mind immediately picked on how wide my thighs looked in the jeans that I avoided wearing. However, this time I squashed down my insecurities and left the house in them. Girls complimenting my outfit also helped.
Addison wore summer dress and added a light brown cardigan over it. Sadhvi was in jeans and black over-jacket, and Lola was in orange sweater and mid-thigh denim skirt. They all looked beautiful and prepped.
"Cellphone network is not good at that area, so try not to wander too far from the group," Addison said. She was behind the wheel of her Volkswagen. Sadhvi was riding shotgun and Lola and I were in the back.
"Yeah, last time we were here with the squad," Sadhvi said, "Cindy and Emma got separated from us. It took us hours to find them. We got back late that night and my mom was really mad."
"How about this time we hold hands like good girls?" Lola looked up from her phone and smiled teasingly. "I'm sure you guys won't mind."
"Oh there will be hand-holding, but too bad we won't be part of it Lola," I added, grinning at the bashful face of Sadhvi at our suggestive remarks. It was fun to tease them sometimes.
Addison rolled her eyes. "No shit gays are afraid to come out."
"Every couple has to deal with their friend's obnoxious jokes," Lola muttered, her eyes fixed on her cellphone and fingers typing away. "I remember each of you pulling fun at Matt and me. So don't pin this on gay oppression."
"I'll pin this on whatever I want. Go nag your nerdy boyfriend." I saw Addison stuck her tongue out in the rearview mirror and chuckled. Lola didn't even glance, too busy glaring at the screen.
"Now that we're on the topic of love..." Sadhvi drawled, turning back to look at me. "Keily, what's going on between you and James?"
My cheeks tinted lightly when I felt the attention shift on me. Lola's fingers stopped, Addison's eyes peered at me through the rearview, and Sadhvi just stared curiously.
I hadn't discussed a whole lot about James with them. It wasn't like I didn't want to, but was kind of scared to. I was afraid of their judgments. James hadn't been so kind to me in the beginning, so it was expected of the girls to criticize whatever was blooming between us. I already got the preview last week when Addison went off on me after I kissed James at the party. Granted she was dealing with her own stuff and lashed out, but the judgement was still there.
Another reason was I didn't know what was going on between James and me. I knew he was trying to woo me or something. I also knew that I was already wooed, he wouldn't need to put much effort. However, I was frightened to move things forward. I was still skeptical of him and everything between us.
"We're sort of friends," I answered.
"Friends?" Addison repeated, her brows rising in the mirror.
"Yeah, I guess," I mumbled unsure. "His behavior changed a lot these past few days. He admitted of being wrong and was sorry. So I see no point in holding grudges."
"It's high time he apologized to you for being a jerk."
"I agree," Sadhvi chimed, "but to be honest we all kind of saw it coming. Everyone can see he's crazy about you."
"But don't stop holding grudges Keily, make him repent more." Addison huffed.
"It's hard to hold grudges when he's being so sweet," I said, blushing. I was relieved they weren't being too harsh on James or me. "He can be really gentle and considerate when he wants to be."
"Sweet? Gentle? Considerate? Are we really using these adjectives for that bastard?"
Sadhvi shook her head. "Come on, he's not that bad."
"I agree," Lola finally spoke. "If he was such a bad person, he wouldn't have Matt and other guys as his friends. He got to have some redeeming qualities for the boys to stick with him."
"Yeah, yeah," Addison muttered sullenly. "He's great!"
"You're hard to please Addy." Sadhvi sighed before she looked at me. "Don't think I haven't noticed you and James giving each other gooey eyes. We already knew he's into you and it seems you're noticing him a lot too. You guys are definitely more than friends."
I blushed hard. She was right. James and I were more than friends. For last few days we had been texting each other here and there, and messages were quite flirty. This Wednesday James also visited my house to work on our website. Nothing drastic happened, he kept his distance and so did I. Though I couldn't deny the sizzling tension between us whenever we were in proximity, we both were chaining ourselves to not to act on our impulses because of our fragile situation.
"I don't know what we are," I replied honestly, "but we're not boyfriend and girlfriend if that's what you're suggesting."
"Do you want to be boyfriend and girlfriend?" Lola asked.
I looked outside, seeing the long trail of trees pass by. "I don't know." I suck my breath. "I mean I like him and he kinda admitted that he likes me too. But I don't want to give in too easily. I don't want to give him the impression that if he insults or disrespects me I'll just let it go without a second thought."
"Atta girl." Addison cheered.
"So for now you guys are taking it slow?" Lola asked.
"Or maybe we're at standstill." I shrugged and gave her a half-smile.
"It's alright. People have their own pace when it comes to relationship."
"I don't know if we'll ever get to the point where we have a relationship." Saying that aloud really hurt. Maybe, it was my hormonal teenage self, but I didn't like the picture of my future without James. Sometimes I'm scared how strong this attraction is. "But it's okay. Him going from name-calling me to treating me like an actual person with feelings is enough for now." It was only enough, but I wanted more, and it looked like so did he.
Lola smiled, before darting her eyes to her cellphone when it tinged. Her smile dropped and she looked back up. "So you won't mind if I told you that Matt invited him and other guys to meet us at carnival? Right?"
My jaw slacked. Ugh...
Sadhvi chuckled. "That's going to be fun."
*******
Colorful stalls, different-shaped rides and a big crowd of people greeted our eyes as we walked through the entrance of town's Fall Carnival. It occupied a pretty large area. The festivity and joy surrounded us, which was enough to uplift anyone's mood. Kids and adults alike were walking with stuff toys or big candies in their hands, loud hoorahs were reverberating from the rides, and smell of hot food was wafting in the air.
"Matt said to wait for them near the main entrance," Lola told us as we shuffled to the side to avoid bumping into others who were entering. We stood near a hot dog stall.
"We drove for like an hour," Addison said, eyeing the menu displayed on the stall. "I ate only breakfast at morning, I skipped lunch because I had to rush to pick you all."
"Stop explaining yourself, just buy what you want to eat." Sadhvi rolled her eyes. "And get something for me too."
Addison bought hot dogs for Sadhvi and herself. Vendor had many customers so it took her time to get them. I was already full from my lunch so I didn't ask for it, neither did Lola.
"These hot dogs aren't as delicious like the last time," Sadhvi complained, taking another big bite of her bread.
"I can give you a better hot dog babe," someone commented. A group of four guys were leering at us standing at the stall. They looked in their 30s. "It even tastes better," the blond one among them said and pointed at his crotch. His mates laughed like hyenas.
"Come with us, we promise you a good time," another added. "You all will be screaming for more." My skin crawled at their lecherous gazes running through our bodies. These guys were disgusting.
"How about I promise you my knee at your tiny dicks if you don't get lost right now?!" Addison barked and glared at them.
"Or maybe a good night in jail for soliciting sexual favors from minors," Lola threatened, pointing her chin at the cops that were outside patrolling the area. Lola and Sadhvi weren't 18 yet.
People had started looking at us because of Addison's loud voice. The men realized the attention they were getting, so with glares - that depicted their injured masculinity - they left without making anymore fuss.
"Those shits ruined this for me." Sadhvi scrunched her face at her hot dog. She walked away to throw it in trash.
I finally shook out of my frozen state. I hated how petrified I became during such confrontations. Sure, now I could stand up against James, but it was another thing to confront strangers, who you had no idea what they were capable of. Sexual harassment sucks. If it hadn't been for Addison and girls, I probably wouldn't have called them out and just looked for an easy out.
"I want to stab those dick heads!" Addison chewed her hot dog aggressively.
"Let's not ruin our mood because of them," Lola pacified her. "We are here to have fun."
Sadhvi returned with a frown on her face. I nudged her shoulder and promised to get her cotton candy later. She laughed and said that it would only remind her of pubes. Oh god! She ruined it for me too.
Our company finally walked in ten minutes later. My eyes instantly found James among them. He was in black undershirt and black jeans, complementing it with dark-brown leather jacket and looking like a heavenly sinner. I felt conscious of my clothing and big thighs when he looked at me.
"You guys took your time," Lola said when they reached us. Matt had come along with James, Lucas, Keith and Axel.
"Sorry for making you wait." Matt threw his arm around his girlfriend's shoulder and kissed her.
"You know this crazy shit happened, some jerks..." Addison started narrating the whole incident that happened with the perverts. The nine of us took large part of the way as we walked.
James moved next to me and our fingers brushed as we fell into step. Light blush coated my cheeks, wondering if I could just hold his hand. He was so close. I could feel his body heat enveloping my side.
"Why didn't you punch them Addison?" Keith asked once Addison and Sadhvi finished with their story. "You pack a mean punch?" It didn't look like he was joking.
"I would have but they left before I got the chance. They were wimps."
"Those poor chaps are spared," Lucas said.
We chuckled. He was right.
"You okay?" James asked me quietly. His breath stroked my cheeks and I felt butterflies in my stomach. "They didn't say or do anything else, did they?"
"No. And I'm good," I whispered back. Inside I melted at his concern for me.
I looked at him and found him already looking back. He was breathtaking. Sparks sizzled between us, and I let go off the restraint holding me back. I didn't stop myself from reaching out to hold his hand. Our fingers curled against each other. My whole body tingled with his simple touch.
Soon others noticed it. Addison rolled her eyes. Sadhvi gushed. Lola smiled. Lucas smirked. Keith, Axel and Matt looked amused. But it didn't matter. We kept holding each other's hand and walked through the throng of people.
*******
Chapter 29:

"Do you want to ditch them and go somewhere else?" James asked me.
We all were crowding tented jewelry and handicrafts stalls that stood adjacent in a lane. Addison and Lucas were busy arguing over some wooden sculpture next to us. Lola was with Matt, looking at jewels at stall ahead, and rest were meandering nearby at other tents.
I looked at James, finding his eyes staring back intently. "It's not very nice to bail on your friends."
"Well, I'm not very nice," came his reply, "you should know that by now."
I couldn't hold back a smile. "But I am."
"Maybe you shouldn't be. You miss out on lots of good stuff." His hand grabbed mine, pulling me into him. "So what do you say? Wanna leave?"
I broke my gaze from him to glance at others. I knew girls wouldn't mind us leaving. They themselves had bailed on me twice at parties. No hard feelings. Now that I was in their shoes I understood. "But if we break away, it'll be hard to find them later."
"I have a fix for that." He grinned, stealing my breath away. You couldn't say no to that face. So I nodded. He called Lucas. "Keily and I will meet you all in parking at eight," he told him, and then we were off to nowhere.
"So what do you want to do now?" I asked him. Our hands were clasped together as we walked. For anyone else we looked like a couple. Maybe we were, sort of.
"What about that?" He tipped his chin at the bumper cars' arena.
"Let's go." We bought the tickets and got on cars at our turn. James's car was red, mine was yellow. The operator turned on the electricity and the fun began.
I was avoiding bumping into others, rather unsuccessfully, and moving slowly when I was violently shoved into the wall. I glared at James who had his car smashed against mine and an evil smirk on his face.
"I thought you were done bullying me," I admonished him and his lips only stretched further.
"It's hard to fully reform when I get such cute reactions out of you." My eyes narrowed into slits to compensate for my burning cheeks at his remark.
James backed away, only to smash my car again a minute later. And then again. By the fourth time I was dying to take my revenge. After few minutes I had learn the controls better, so I braced myself as I spotted him coming for me. I swiveled my car at last second, missing his by an inch, and made him crash against the wall. I shoved him further by driving into his car.
I grinned. "Do you concede now?"
"I never concede." He glared, barely containing a smile. His red car pushed against mine moving both of us. I pedaled the accelerator to push back and caused a standstill. "You're getting bad," he commented.
"Someone told me to not be so nice." I chuckled and rotated my wheel 180 degree to reverse. And then we were back at it again, chasing each other off and bumping into others.
"That was fun," I said once we were out of the arena.
James nodded. "Want to do it again?"
"Let's try other rides," I suggested and he agreed, pulling me through the crowd.
We first went for swinging Pirate Ship, and I was glad to not have had heavy meal at home, I would've definitely thrown up otherwise. Then we rode the Wipeout and next jumped to the Twister. When others sitting around us whooped and hollered, I couldn't contain myself either. It was exhilarating to just shout out and feel like a child again. Hearing James's whole-hearted laughs was a big plus too.
James sat next to me in the Twister. Once the seats started rotating, his arm sneakily came to wrap around my shoulders. My heart raced and goosebumps erupted throughout my body. I peeked at him and saw a small smile gracing his lips. When the twister took its speed, my body gravitated into him. He held me flushed against himself for the whole ride. It was the best ride ever.
"I think I'm going to pass out," was my first sentence after getting off the Twister. Everything was spinning and my legs felt wobbly. I held on to James's arm for support.
"Now no more rides," he concluded. I didn't miss him slowly pulling me closer. If he thought he was being slick then he was wrong. Good thing was I didn't mind.
"Hey, we didn't go to the Ferris wheel," I reminded him, "it's the highlight of every fair and carnival."
"Let's get something to eat first. I'm hungry." He dragged us to a candy stand. I didn't object, I was famished too.
I stood idly at side as James bought us candies. It was close to six and sun had almost set. Colorful lights on the stalls, stands and rides were turned on, and they lit the whole place brightly. More crowd had also gathered now.
I caught a boy and a girl, standing not too far away at a popcorn stand and looking at me. They were whispering to each other and snickering while pointing at James, whose back was turned on us, and me. I looked down, the happiness of whole afternoon dwindling. If it was about James and me, I already knew what they were saying. They were comparing us. They found it astonishing - and funny - how an overweight girl could be with someone like him.
Suddenly, I felt embarrassed of standing here, in front of a candy store, and waiting for James to bring me sugar-loaded treat.
"There you go." A big cotton candy blocked my vision of muddy ground. James was holding it out to me. He had another one for himself. I thanked him and took the cotton candy. "I have something else for you too," he said and reached in his pocket to pull out a small block covered in shiny wrapper.
"What is it?"
"Hold it." He gave me his candy and opened the wrapper to present a chocolate cube covered half in green.
"Mint chocolate." I smiled.
"I thought you like mint and I like chocolate, why not mix it up?"
"You remember I like mint?" It came out as a question.
"And blueberry," he completed. "It's hard to forget such a weird taste."
"Better than having a generic taste. Chocolate chip and rocky road. Seriously? You're one step away from vanilla." I scoffed, but inside I was melting that he took notice of my choice and remembered.
His face lit up, like his day just had been made. "Beware Keily, your stalkerish tendencies are showing."
I blushed. "Says you." Okay, I might've remembered his favorite ice-cream flavor too. But my brain keeping it in memory was unintentional. Totally unintentional.
"I didn't know how it was going to taste, so I got only one. Take a bite." He held it in front of my face with the intention of feeding me, but I handed him our candies and took the chocolate cube out of his hand. I almost giggled at his disappointed face.
"You won't mind?" I asked before putting half of the chocolate in my mouth. He shook his head and I took the bite. It was delicious. Minty, sweet, and chocolatey. Perfect.
"How is it?"
"Delicious," I answered. "Here." I brought the remaining chocolate near his mouth. His eyes brightened. He eagerly brought his open mouth forward, but I moved the chocolate away, making him bite into the empty air. I chuckled. He gave a adoring frown. "I'm sorry. Here." I raised my hand and gave a look that conveyed I was serious this time. But I wasn't. I moved the chocolate away again. I laughed at his glowering face. He's so easy.
Before I knew, warm fingers dug into my wrist and jolted my body forward as they moved my hand toward the culprit's mouth. James looked into my eyes as his lips took in the chocolate, along with my forefinger and thumb. I stopped breathing. His tongue swirled around my digits and my every fiber stood at attention. He deliberately took his time wetting my fingers and then slowly letting them go with a lewd slurping sound. "Tasty." He smirked, freeing my hand.
I was a hot, flushed and blissful mess. I was seconds away from squealing like a crazy person. The way his eyes were raking me possessively, burning me like a hot branding iron wasn't helping.
"Here's your candy." James gave me my cotton candy back. That annoying smirk turned into full on teasing grin. He's evil.
We headed for the Ferris Wheel. I threw a quick glance at the couple who was pointing at James and me before following him. They were now eating their popcorn and too busy in their conversation. Apparently, James and I were entertaining to them for only few minutes. And I let those people define my worth.
It was quite a walk, so by the time we reached Ferris Wheel our candies were finished. I bought the tickets for both of us. We were alternating while paying at different counters. James was reluctant of the practice, but so was I of letting him pay for everything. In the end I won.
The line to get inside was fairly long. I was almost bouncing on my feet as the queue got shorter, excited to see the whole carnival from atop. Whenever I went to any fair or carnival, this part was the highlight of my visit. I looked at James to share my excitement but my grin faltered when I saw his lips pressed thin and lines on his forehead as he stared ahead at the giant wheel.
"You okay?" I put my hand on his upper arm. Eventually, I got comfortable touching him.
He looked at me and gave a smile, but this time it didn't reach his eyes. "Yeah. Why do you ask?"
"You don't look good." We stepped forward with others.
"That hurt. Are you taking your revenge Keily?" He joked with a serious face.
I shook my head. "If you don't want to go on wheel, we don't have to."
"What made you say that?"
"Your face. You should've said something earlier if you didn't like it."
James sighed. "It's just a stupid fear of heights. Don't worry. I can do this."
I couldn't help but smile. Today I was smiling a lot.
James scowled like a brat that he was. "You find it funny?"
"No, it's just you always have been so scary to me. Invincible, brooding, sometimes even straight up terrifying," I said and his scowl eased, "but turns out you're just an eighteen-year-old guy, who can be afraid of things just like everybody else. It makes you a lot less intimidating."
"So you're taking your revenge. Way to hurt my ego Keily." It was hard to tell he was kidding until he smiled.
"Come on let's go. If you're not going to enjoy it then it's not worth it." I clasped his hand to pull us away but he stopped me.
"It's worth it if you are going to enjoy it."
My insides had already melted into a puddle after all the things we did today, and now he had to add this too. This man. "Don't-"
"Are you two coming?!" The operator shouted at us. We were holding the line. I didn't realize we had moved this forward that our turn was here.
James nodded and dragged us both to the gondola waiting for us before I could object.
"You don't have to do this," I said. We were sitting side by side. We moved up slightly to fill the next gondola, making James's fingers tighten around mine.
"But I want to." His dark eyes glimmered beautifully with all the colorful lights surrounding us. "Also I have to get my scary persona back. Can't have you thinking I have feelings, can I?"
I chuckled. "You can try." I snaked my hand around his torso and pulled him closer. He leaned into me without complaint. When the wheel started rotating, I held him safe and tight.
********
Chapter 30:

James was uneasy. As we moved up I felt his grip tighten around my waist. I looked down to the view of whole carnival wrapped in bright-colored lights and hundreds of people clustered in my field of vision. Beyond the boundary I saw Bradford's lake reflecting back the glimmers of this festive atmosphere. It was beautiful. Unfortunately, James didn't see what I saw, his fear robbing him of such a wonderful sight.
"This is clearly not your scene. Jokes aside, why are you here?" I asked him. His attention shifted from the scene below us to me. I was glad to distract him by talking.
"Because it felt like a right thing to do," James answered.
"Right thing?"
"Since the moment we met I had picked on you, not realizing the damage I was doing. I was too self-absorbed and didn't think through my actions. I played with your insecurities, your fears. It is only right that now you see my fears too." He scoffed, shaking his head. "I know it's stupid, but it's a small gesture of me repenting for my mistakes."
My heart swelled at his confession. Him acknowledging his past behavior and trying to make up for it - though in his own twisted way - stirred something in me.
"Also it was hard to say no when you looked more excited than my niece to get on this thing," he added, nudging my nose playfully.
"You have a niece?" I asked.
"My cousin's daughter, Lillian. She's six."
I scrunched my face. "I don't know whether to be offended or flattered being compared to a six-year-old."
He chuckled. "If it helps I think you looked adorable." I flushed under his intense gaze. "And you look very adorable now too." His fingers came to stroke my red cheeks gently, leaving tingles wherever they touched. God, I could purr like a cat under his touch.
Our gondola shook a little as the wheel picked up its speed, breaking the moment between us. James's hand dropped on my lap and his breathing became shallow as his focus shifted to the ground that was way below us. We were going up. I immediately let go of his torso to clasp our hands together on my lap. His fingers curled around mine tightly and his eyes were back on me. He never looked so vulnerable.
"Am I making a fool of myself enough for you to enjoy?" He joked.
I shook my head. "Seeing you suffer is not my idea of fun James. Your way of repenting is stupid. I don't want you to punish yourself."
"When it comes to you I can't seem to do anything right, huh?"
I smiled. "But I'm still stupid enough to fall for you."
He gave me one of his beautiful face-splitting grins. The fear in his eyes was replaced by unfiltered joy. And I felt happy for being the reason behind it. "I swear, you're killing me Keily Harris. You're fucking killing me."
Seeing him, I couldn't stop my grin either. We stared at each other's face like fools.
"I so want to kiss you right now," James said, his eyes darting to my lips and pupils dilating, "but I'm scared. Our past experiences haven't been so good."
"Maybe we should give it another try and see how it works out this-"
Before I could finish his lips were on mine. Oh. He wasted no time in picking up pace and kissed me fiercely, making up for all the time we didn't. He tasted of candy and mint chocolate that we had before. His one hand remained entwined with mine while the other one on my waist pulled me more into him - if that was even possible. When our gondola shook and the Ferris wheel rotated at its full speed, he didn't let go and only kissed harder, leaving me a red whimpering mess under his mercy.
He gently pulled away as the wheel slowed down and we both were out of breath.
"Are we still good?" James asked, his dark eyes piercing me to my soul. There were so many emotions brimming in them: want, lust, possessiveness, fear and a strange softness that I didn't dare name.
I nodded and looked above to give myself a break from all the sensations his fiery gaze evoked in me. When the nagging voices of self-doubts and hate didn't show up I smiled. I smiled widely at the night sky and the stars twinkling in it.
James rested his head on my shoulder. "Looking up is way better than looking down." His soft curls tickled my neck and I loved it.
"Now why haven't we thought of doing that before, instead of me cuddling you?" I chuckled.
"It's not like you aren't enjoying holding me," he threw back and I had to agree. I more than enjoyed holding him.
Ferris Wheel stopped and I saw James visibly relax when we got off. He looped his arm around mine as we walked. It was astonishing how couple-y we had started to act in just one evening. My impression of him had started changing for last few days, but today he was really out to get me. James wasn't just a big dominating giant who had bullied me, scared me before. He was also an immature teenager, who sometimes didn't know any better. And there was so much softness under that hard shell.
"Let's get out of this crowd," James said.
"And why is that?" I raised my brows.
"So that I can kiss you again in peace," he answered with a wolfish grin and my face colored once again. "As much I loved sitting on that thing with you, I also lost my shit over there. I don't want to be on Ferris Wheel to have you alone. Now that I got the green signal from you, there's no time to waste."
"You're not really shy, are you?" I scolded him, biting my lips to stop a smile.
"No need. You have enough shyness for both of us."
"So where are you gonna take us?" I asked. I looked at my watch. We still had almost an hour before we had to meet others.
"Near the lake. It must be quiet out there." He pulled both of us in the direction of lake when I nodded.
"I hope you're not planning on drowning me," I said, narrowing my eyes at him playfully.
I saw him smirk. "You saw right through my fine plan. Now what are you going to do Keily? I already have you in my clutches."
I giggled and hit his shoulder lightly. "You do."
As James had predicted, lakeside was lot quieter. There were only few people scattered among the trees. We found ourselves an isolated spot and settled down on the grass. Trees and bushes around provided us privacy. I could still hear the carols and noises of carnival behind us.
James wrapped his arm around my shoulder, making me lean into him. His body heat gave me warmth against the cold gusts of air. The lake in front of us was still, it's far opposite edges reflecting the lights of merriment behind us.
"James," I said and he hummed, "I want to know something." We both stared at the lake in front of us.
"Ask away."
"You said you weren't serious when you name-called me. Then why did you do that?" I felt him turn stiff. I didn't want to ruin the mood but I needed to know. He admitted of being in the wrong but never told the reasons why he had done and said all those things. "I'm pretty sure I never did anything to you. I even tried to stay away from you, avoid you. So why were you so...awful to me?"
"Why do you think?"
"Lola told me that you liked me and didn't know how to show it." I chuckled. "It's plausible... But sometimes I think you really did find me fat and ugly, and just didn't want me to hang out with your perfect group of friends, especially Lucas."
"You're not fat or ugly Keily. You're beautiful." He stated firmly. "Maybe Lola was right."
I frowned and shifted away from him. "So you threw all those insults at me because you couldn't say simple 'I Like You'. Do you have any idea how terrible I felt every time you made fun of me for my appearance?" I glared at him. I half-expected this reply from him, still it hurt to hear I faced all of that verbal-bashing because someone couldn't be mature about their feelings.
"I'm sorry." James pulled me back, closing the gap between our bodies and trapping me in his wide arm. "I really am sorry that you had to take the brunt of shit that I was going through. You absolutely did not deserve it and I'm ashamed of putting you through it."
"What do you mean?"
He looked at me. "I don't want to scare you away."
"With the way you're holding me, it'll be pretty hard to run away."
"I'll catch you if you even try." He grinned before dropping a kiss on my forehead. It took everything in me to not melt in his arm. "Today felt like a dream. I still can't believe I have you here with me, like this. I can hold you like this for days if you let me."
"Now don't change the subject with your sweet talks," I chided, trying to maintain my composure.
James sighed and then nodded, knowing I needed answers for closure. "Do you remember the first time I saw you?"
How can I forget? He was the first stranger in Jenkins to call me fat to my face.
"Yeah, we met at Mr. Crones's class when you were very rude to me." Then it only went downhill from there.
"Didn't leave a very good first impression, huh?" His eyes trailed my face, heating me up with their fervor. "It will sound mushy, but the first time I saw you I was literally swept away. You were sitting there, all shy and adorable, trying to discreetly check me out. Then our eyes met and it felt like something hit my chest. The feeling was too strong, it is still too strong, and I never felt something like that before. You looked away blushing, that was the cutest fucking thing ever.
"You had me then and there Keily. I was confused, intrigued and more than that left with this overwhelming need to have you. I tried to keep calm facade but inside I was everything but calm. I know it's not ideal or realistic to just fall for someone you haven't even said a single word to, but unfortunately or fortunately that's how I felt.
"And then you were so cold to me. Maybe I wasn't used to rejection-" he shook his head, "no, I was angry that here I was feeling this shit ton of things and you didn't even glance back-"
"I was intimidated by you," I added, barely keeping my head straight with all the stuff he was laying.
"Of course you were. I was trying to be charming, but I had no idea what I was doing. Looking back I won't blame you if you were scared." He chuckled. "I had no idea what was happening to me, I only knew one thing: you were responsible for it. You giving me cold-shoulder didn't sit well, it kind of hurt, so I said the first thing to hurt you back without thinking.
"Later I beat myself up all morning for that. Lunch came around. You were in cafeteria with Addison. I was thinking of apologizing. As my luck would have it, you came to our table and treated me like I wasn't even there. Fair enough. I was a jerk to you.
"But then I saw how good-natured and friendly you were with Lucas. That pushed my buttons. Never in my life I was jealous of Lucas, until that moment. In short, I felt entitled for your attention and you gave that to him. I was beyond pissed. I saw you first. You were mine. It wasn't even a competition, Lucas wasn't even into you, at least not how much I was.
"Instead of apologizing I lashed out on you because obviously it was your fault why I was jealous, obsessed, and so many things that I never felt before." He scoffed. "I was stupid. And then I got stupider.
"If you aren't going to look at me then I will make you, I thought, and I had already learned the way. I got reactions out of you when I picked on you. It was also a fitting punishment for you for flipping my life just like that."
"So you called me cow, fat, whale, and whatnot when on the inside you were attracted to me?" I more accused than asked him. My eyes were stinging and I had to look away from him to stop the waterfalls. "Out all the things you could've done, you chose my body to make fun of, the thing I'm most insecure about."
"Don't you get it Keily? I am more than attracted to you," James said, burying his nose into my cheek but I rejected him. He sighed. "As for your body, it just felt like an easy target, even though it is one of the most beautiful thing about you. Like I said before, I was too self-absorbed in my mission to even stop and consider your feelings. Fuck, I didn't even consider my feelings. I only knew this hunger to keep you close anyhow. It was twisted and selfish. I now realize how shitty I was to you and how many times I crossed lines. You shouldn't have to put up with all that because of one crazy boy."
"But I did," I snapped. "What changed for you to come to this realization?"
"Lucas's punch and him going off about how he lost his girl because of stupidity. It was a long tirade." His thumb rubbed my shoulder, trying to soothe me. "Our kiss at party left some deep impression too. I was also little angry back then that you gave me such big hope only to snatch it back with a big 'hate you'. I guess I was still blaming you.
"After my friend's spiel, I decided to give myself a break from going after you. It helped me reflect on my actions. There wasn't a single second when I didn't want you, but looking at you like a creep from across the hallways doing your thing was okay too. In fact it was better than hounding you... The rest you know.
"I can't say I'm a fully reformed man now. I get jealous when I see you getting close to other guys. Hell, I'm still jealous of Lucas at how close you two are. If only I had fostered that kind of relationship instead of bullying you. I don't know what happened to me back then. Maybe I got scared of all these new emotions and let my worst instincts control me and ended up hurting you."
I turned my head to face him. I noticed his eyes were watery like mine. This whole revelation thing hurt me more than I was expecting. It hurt him too.
"Can you forgive me for all my bullshit, Keily Harris?" His voice broke a little.
"What do we have here?" Someone said as I was about to speak. Sounds of multiple footsteps followed, breaking into the private bubble that James and I had surrounded ourselves with. We turned around to find four strangely familiar men behind us.
Oh no.
*******
Chapter 31:

It took me more than few seconds to recognize the four men standing in front of us. They were the guys who girls and I had encountered at the entrance when we were waiting for others. Right now they were eyeing James and me amused, like they had found a hidden stash. I felt extremely uncomfortable under their glances.
"What are you two kids doing here?" One of them asked, his white teeth shining in the dark. "It's not safe out here at night."
James stood up and shielded me from their gazes. "We're fine. We don't need your concern," he said curtly. Message was clear in his tone to leave us alone. I wasn't the only one who didn't like this new company.
"What are you trying to hide there boy?" Another one guffawed. "Your girl is not that easy to hide. Though I don't mind it, I can see why are you tapping that."
"Yeah," his mate added, licking his lip, "with all the meat she's packing, I bet she tastes good."
"And she's large enough for all of us to share." All of them laughed like hyenas, making my skin crawl with disgust. It was so humiliating.
I immediately stood up and held James's arm when he stepped forward to charge at them. His fists were tightened and jaw clenched as he glared at the men. He was fuming. If I hadn't reacted quick I knew he'd be there thrashing those perverts. I might've even let him, but there were four of them. As strongly built as James was in comparison to all the men present here, he couldn't take down four guys at once.
"Leave before we call the cops," I said and glared at the men.
"Wait, isn't she one of the chicks we saw earlier?" The one who loved to lick his lips recognized me. My threat had no affect on him or others.
"Well, they sure do love cops." Another one with black hair snickered, his eyes running through me up and down.
"Babe, you won't be calling any cops until we're done with you," blond one jeered. I noticed they all had moved closer, cornering us.
"Don't call her babe!" James growled, pushing me behind him. "And you won't be doing anything with her." His stance changed, ready for attack. This all was escalating too fast and I knew it wasn't going to end well for us. I discreetly slipped my phone out of the jeans pocket. There was no signal. No!
"Boy wants to protect the honor of his princess. Let's see what you got." Oh god!
Next thing I knew James was in the middle of four older men, fighting them off. It all happened too fast. He was trying to keep up, dodging their attacks and punching back whenever he could, but he was outnumbered. These monsters had no qualms about beating up a high-school kid.
I shouted for help. I shouted at them to stop. I shrieked as loud as I could but nobody came to help. My cheeks were stained. I was crying. They were hurting him.
Somewhere between the painful grunt I heard James yelling at me to run. But I just couldn't leave him like this. In the clutches of these monsters.
I looked around and found a large stone. I picked it up and as expected it was heavy. Heavy enough to be a weapon. James was keeping the men busy so they didn't notice me charging at them. As I reached near I brought down the stone on the nearest guy's head with all the force I could muster. It was the blond one, and he dropped on ground with a cuss seconds later after I hit him. When he didn't get back up, I prayed that the man only passed out. I wasn't prepared to have blood on my hands.
My little stunt didn't go unnoticed by others. Before I could get over the shock of what I had done, I was lying on the ground with my stomach throbbing in pain.
"You wanna fight babe?!" Lip-licker was on top of me. "I'll give you a fight!" He punched my face and my vision turned black for a second. I tasted blood inside my mouth. That was going to hurt a lot if we made out alive.
"Get off her!" James yelled from somewhere.
"I don't know. I like this position," Lip-licker taunted James, grinding himself against me. I felt nauseous.
My hand fumbled around, digging into the ground and collecting mud. When Lip-licker looked back at me I closed my eyes and threw the mud on his face.
"Bitch!" He yelled, his grip loosening on me to rub his eyes. I took the moment to push him off me. He fell back. I kneed him on his groin before he could recover.
Right now my every action was dictated by adrenaline surging through me. I felt like a spectator in my own body.
I once again kicked Lip-licker's family jewels, making him grunt, then straddled him. I choked his neck as he tried to hit me. Because of the pain his movements had become sloppy, so when he managed to punch my torso it wasn't enough to get me off. I put the whole pressure on my thumb and choked him harder, burying his head into the ground. His fingers dug into my wrist to push my hands away. His grip was painful, but I didn't give up.
His body writhed under me until he passed out. I didn't let go until I was sure he wasn't getting up.
I sighed in relief when I felt my unconscious attacker breathing under me. Good. He isn't dead.
Shaking, I got up and looked for James. He was now handling remaining two way better than before. He had one of them in his hold by the back of his head, and the Black-hair was groaning behind holding his nose.
James's football skills and hard training were showing. Though he wasn't in a very good condition himself. He didn't have his leather jacket on anymore, and I spotted little blood trickling down his forehead and bruises that had started to color on his face.
James kneed the guy stuck under his hold in the abdomen and threw him on the ground, leaving the man to groan out in pain. Looked like these perverts weren't so formidable when singled out.
"Alright, you and your chick can fight," Black-hair said, cautiously stepping around James, who was glaring at him menacingly.
If I thought James looked scary when he bullied me, I had never been so wrong. Right now he looked lethal. And when he glanced at me, his bloody face turned right down deadly. A chill ran through my spine. I hoped to never see him like this again.
"You're dead," James gritted and launched himself at the Black-hair.
Before James could reach him Black-hair pulled something out of his pocket. Its tip shone in the dark. No!
"He has a knife James!" I shouted. But I was late as he was already on the guy.
James hit the Black-hair, hard enough to make him lose his balance. However, he didn't go down alone and pulled James with him. Before James could get up, before I could run to them, a hand with a knife raised and stabbed James at the side.
James didn't realize at first and kept on thrashing the man mercilessly. He had no idea of the knife sticking to his side or the blood pooling out and staining his shirt slowly. He didn't stop until I reached him and pulled him off the man. Black-hair was knocked out and beaten to a pulp.
"Oh god!" I cried, looking at the blood oozing out of his wound. I made him sit against the tree.
"Shit!" James grunted when he touched the knife. It was deep inside him. "That fucker." He glared at the lifeless Black-hair. I noticed beneath all the angry red marks and dried blood his face had began to pale.
"Does it hurt bad?" I sobbed and rubbed my eyes to clear the vision, but my tears didn't seem to stop. I was so shaky.
"It does," James said, his face scrunching in what was supposed to be a reassuring smile. "What about you?" His hand came to stroke my face gently and it stung. When I flinched he immediately pulled his hand away. I saw blood on his fingers. Fury flashed in James's eyes, but it was gone as soon as it came.
"It's nowhere near you." I rubbed my eyes once more because I just couldn't stop crying. My face throbbed at the simple action. Adrenaline was wearing off.
"You saved my ass over there Keily," he said proudly. "Who knew my girl can take down two men?"
I snorted. "I have not agreed to be your girl, so calm down with the title."
"You are."
I shook my head and sniffled. "We have to get out of here." I looked at the men lying around us. It wouldn't be long before they gained conscious. One of them was already awake and groaning but, thanks to James, immobile.
James nodded. He looked extremely tired.
I took off my jacket and pressed it carefully around the knife. He flinched at the sudden pressure. "I'm sorry."
"It's alright." His voice was faint, very unlike of him.
"Can you get up?" I asked, delicately stroking his hair off his forehead. They were wet with sweat, and probably some blood.
"Yeah." He couldn't. I helped him up and we slowly traced back the path we came from.
The longer we walked the more sluggish James's steps became. Initially he was reluctant to put his weight on me, but ten steps later he conceded. I peeked at him. His lips had turned purple and skin lost its color. I felt my jacket on his wound getting wet.
I was seconds away from falling under his weight and bawling my eyes out. Though my tears were already spilling out silently.
"James, please be okay. Please." I didn't say the words aloud, knowing I would finally break if I did.
James didn't say anything either. He couldn't. He was barely holding on to remain conscious. I saw him trying to keep his eyes open and stumble along the way with me. I was losing him.
"Help!" I cried as we reached near the edge of carnival. "Help!" I shouted, putting all my energy to be as loud as I could. "Please, help!" I broke down but didn't stop yelling for help.
At last, I fell down, taking James with me. He didn't react. He was lost to unconsciousness. Blackness was clouding my vision too. Every muscle of my body hurt. It hurt so bad.
I kept my blood-soaked jacket pressed against his wound and cried for help. I yelled so loud that my throat hurt. My voice broke but I kept on shouting against the annoying carols playing in the background. Someone please help.
"Holy shit!" Finally. A silhouette of a man approached us carefully. "Are you alright?"
"No," I said, "please help."
*******
Chapter 32:

Everything that happened after the man found us was a blur. Crowd gathered around us, wails of sirens followed, and then we were carried to the ambulance. I was barely processing it all. But I remembered pointing to the lakeside and telling the cops about our assaulters, who were probably still lying there and also in need of medical attention, even though what I wanted most for those monsters was to be behind the bars.
Paramedics were quick to provide medical care to James. They wrapped his torso with bandages to stop the bleeding, laid his unconscious figure on the ambulance bed and attached countless wires to his body, breaking the silence inside ambulance with beeping sounds. I was grateful for any sound to drown out my anxiety-ridden heavy breaths.
One of them asked me some questions too while blowing torch in my eyes to check for concussion. I was exhausted, still I couldn't make myself look away from James's pale face or the monitor that recorded his heartbeat. I was scared to tear my eyes away, fearing he'd slip if I did.
"Your boyfriend is going to be alright?" The other medical attendant sitting next to me said. "Don't worry."
I didn't feel like correcting her that James wasn't my boyfriend, yet. I simply nodded, but kept my eyes trained on him.
It's okay. James is going to be alright. He's going to be alright.
*******
"He passed out because of the low blood pressure and trauma. The knife almost grazed his intestines and the blood loss was quite heavy," doctor explained to me. We were at the emergency room. James was on a bed behind the white curtains that separated him from others. "Fortunately he won't need transfusion. He's young and healthy, so he'll recover in few weeks. I'll advice him to spend the night in hospital."
I nodded, listening to him attentively.
"He'll need a follow up too because there's always a risk of infection and his dressing needs to be changed. His stitches will be taken out in a week," he continued. "I have prescribed him some antibiotics and painkillers. For the next week he will need complete rest."
"Thank you doctor."
He shook his head lightly. "Your name is Keily, right?"
"Yes."
"Keily, James is alright. Don't worry about him, save some worry for yourself too." His brows furrowed, taking in my face. I knew I wasn't looking my best exactly. I had caught my reflection when the nurse was treating me and it wasn't pretty. My left cheek was tainted with an angry purple bruise, and my forehead had a cut which was now bandaged. In fact, my belly had also started bruising from the Lip-licker's punch. "Did you call your and his guardians?"
"I did." After nurse was done checking me, the first thing she made me do was call my parents. They exploded on the phone once I told them I was in emergency room. I only provided them with the gist of what happened, laying emphasis on that James and I were alright again and again. But I didn't think it made them any less panicky. They were on the way.
Then I called James's mom using his phone. Nurses had given me his cell phone, wallet and other belongings before taking him in. Mrs. Haynes was a lot calmer than my parents. Maybe because she was a doctor and used to the hospitals. Whatever the reason, I still reassured her James was fine and gave her the hospital's name.
I tried calling Addison, then Sadhvi and others, but none of the calls went through. It seemed they were still at carnival, probably looking for James and me. At last, I settled on texting them about the situation, hoping they would see it once they had the cell phone reception.
"Good," doctor said. "Police told me they have caught those guys. You two did quite a number on them."
"Well, they did a number on us too."
"For now those men are given medical care."
"Are they in this hospital?" I asked. I didn't like the idea of those wretched men being here.
"No. They are not here. Don't worry." He assured. "They'll be arrested. Hopper needs both of yours statements to press the charges, but they won't get away. Two of them have already been to jail for felony and domestic violence."
I nodded. I didn't want to see those criminals ever again.
"Don't worry about it Keily. Take it easy for now. Your parents must be coming, let them handle that."
"Okay." I smiled at him. "Thank you again for everything."
"Don't fuss about it. It's my job." He smiled back. "You can go and see James now." With that he left.
I slipped behind the curtain and found a scowling James. His eyes brightened on seeing me, but the brat kept his scowl intact. Even though doctor had reassured he was fine I still felt little relieved to find him awake. The color had started to return on his previously ashen face. He also sported light injuries and small cuts on it.
"Hey," I said, taking the chair beside his bed, "you look really good in hospital gown. Blue suits you."
His lips twitched upward slightly. "I can wear this at home if you like it. Just get me out of here."
"If you were awake then you heard what the doctor said. They are keeping you here for a night."
"I have two doctors in my family. I learned enough to take care of myself," he grumbled sullenly.
"You're not one of those doctors, so you haven't learned enough," I retorted and shook my head when he huffed. "Lucas is right. You're such a diva."
"Thanks, I get it from my mum."
I chuckled. "Speaking of your mother, I have informed her about our...situation. I think she's on her way. So are my parents."
He nodded. "What about Lucas, Matt and others?" He asked. "Do they know?"
"I tried reaching them, but I think they're still at carnival. I texted them, hopefully they will see that."
James sighed. "How come the best night of my life turned so shit?" Same. He held my hand resting on the bed and gently stroked its back with his thumb. The simple touch made me feel at home. I saw red bruises on his knuckles. "Are you okay? Does it hurt?" He was looking at my purple cheek.
"It hurts when I touch it. Other than it's fine I guess. But my whole body is so sore," I replied honestly.
"I'm going to make sure those bastards pay tenfold for every demeaning word they said and every injury they caused you." His features darkened and I knew those men weren't going to get away.
"Don't think about them for now," I said, gently pushing back the hair off his forehead. His brown locks were so soft and long, always finding a way to fall over his head. I loved the feel of them. And it seemed I wasn't the only one who enjoyed me touching them. James calmed down instantly, letting me pet him.
"Keily," he said after a while and I hummed. "You didn't answer."
"Answer what?"
"Do you forgive me?"
My caresses stopped and I met his dark eyes. This was going to be long. "When we were walking through the woods, you were barely awake. There was so much blood coming out of you and I was so scared. For a minute I thought that I was going to lose you tonight. That thought was so awful. It felt like someone dug into my chest and ripped out my heart. It hurt so much that my physical pain didn't even hold a candle to it.
"When we fell down and I was screaming for help, I was also imagining a life without you. It was empty, as good as dead. I would've given anything to have you back.
"Your stupid bullying or my weight issues didn't matter at that moment. All that mattered was you being there. Alive. With me.
"I might've run rampant with my overthinking, but it made me realize things that I was denying because of my insecurities and fears." I sniffled and rubbed my eyes. I was surprised I hadn't suffered from the dehydration yet, seeing how it was the thousandth time I was crying tonight. "You see, this incident made me face my biggest fear. Losing someone I love."
James's lips parted in awe. I saw tears flowing from his eyes too. Oh god, we both are cry babies.
"So James, I think I love you. No, I know I love you... Yes, I love you." I nodded to confirm my words. "It might be too early, but this is how I feel. And I'm not going to let your stupid actions make me deny my feelings. I'm not going to be immature about them, like you. The last thing I want to do is repeat this cycle of stupidity.
"That doesn't mean I'll let you treat me like trash again. Your words, that you said to get reaction out of me, did achieve their purpose, but you should know that reaction was hating you. I hated you every time you picked on me. So, I'll have no problem hating you if you go back to that attitude again.
"You know, the time I realized I had a thing for you was when you gave me your full blown grin right after your team won the match against Westview... God, you look so beautiful when you smile... I guess, this really shows what approach you should've taken if you ever wanted to pursue me. You could've just smiled and I had lain flat on your feet." I paused to take a breather and rub away tears on my cheeks. I was an emotional mess right now.
James nodded sincerely. He was about to say something but I stopped him.
"So, what I'm getting at is that I forgive you. I forgive you for all your bullshit James. And if you stay like this I'll keep loving you, like I do now... I love you." A minute of silence followed as we stared at each other. "Okay, now I'm done," I said when he didn't speak.
"Yeah," he cleared his throat and blinked his eyes to get rid of tears. "I love you too. I loved you since the moment I saw you. I'm sorry for all the stupid things I said because I was so fucking desperate. I love you Keily, and this time I'll show it right."
"Good." I chuckled, breaking the heaviness between us. Confessions were tense.
"You beat me to saying the L-word, and here I thought I was going to scare you away." James grinned widely. Now that this devil knew my weakness, he was working up his charm. "You saved my ass and took down two of those shits... You have way more strength than you let other people see Keily. I can't believe you let me get away with all the bullshit I spouted. You're so strong, amazing, beautiful. And all mine."
"What about you? Are you mine?"
"It's not even a question. I was yours the moment we met." The conviction in his voice had me. He's mine.
Another round of tears followed. "Can I just stop crying already?" I complained, trying to clear my eyes.
"You have to stop Keily, because you make me cry too." He laughed and I loved the sound of it.
"What do you mean?"
"It's stupid actually," he said, "I'm not much of a crier, but I can't stop myself every time I see tears in your eyes. You crying somehow triggers me to cry too." He shook his head. "What did you do to me Keily?"
That's so sweet.
"I wish I knew that earlier. I would've bawled my eyes out the very first time you made fun of me. Then you wouldn't be so formidable. It would've saved us some trouble."
"I guess." James smiled and I couldn't stop myself from stroking his magnificent face. We looked at each other like love-sick fools. "Kiss me." He demanded and I full-heartedly obliged. I leaned down and took his lips.
This kiss stung a little because of our bruises but it didn't bring down our want one bit. He was gentle, so was I. My body buzzed, wanting to fall in sync with him. I always thought first kisses were supposed to be special, but with him the magic never faded. It felt like I could kiss him millionth time and the next kiss would still be like our first one. I love him.
When we pulled away, I was as always flushed and dazed in euphoria.
"We've sealed it with a kiss." His finger played with the strands of my hair. "Now you're all mine Keily Harris." He smirked when my blush darkened. "Finally."
The curtains giving us privacy flashed open, making me immediately move away from James.
"James." A tall women stood in front of us. Dark brown hair in a clean bun, black eyes and familiar facial features. James's mother. If the lady was middle-age she certainly didn't look like it, she came off much younger, and beautiful. Good genes run in family.
"Mum." James turned serious, but he didn't let go of my hand. Mrs. Haynes noticed it too.
She cleared her throat and then smiled at me. It wasn't same as James's. "Keily, thank you for being with my son, especially when you aren't well either. I am grateful for that. You've been very kind."
"It's okay." I smiled back, trying to make James let go of my hand. Thank the stars his mother didn't walk in on us when we were making out.
"I've talked to the police on phone and James's father is on the way. He and I will make sure that those thugs pay for doing this to you and my son."
I nodded and stood up. "I'll give you two privacy." I looked at James and he finally, with a sigh, unhooked his fingers from mine.
I stepped out of the curtains, but before I left I heard some of their words.
"Is there something going on between you-"
"She's my girlfriend," James announced shamelessly.
He is so blatant!
I dashed out of the ward, blood rising to my cheeks. Eavesdropping on them wasn't something I would do, no matter how much I wanted to hear his mother's opinion about me. I hoped I made a first good impression with my swollen face and tattered clothes.
After a minute of sitting on bench, I saw my parents rushing toward the emergency room from across the hallway. Their eyes widened as they spotted me. I prepared myself for the incoming onslaught of questions.
It had been a long night, and by the look on my parents' face it wasn't close to ending.
But at least I got a boyfriend out of it. And I love him.
*******
Chapter 33:

"I don't like the picture," I whined, looking at my driver's license. My photo on it was so ugly. My eyes looked tired, my double chin somehow became wider than the lake Michigan, and my hair was a bird nest. I swear those people deliberately put the lighting bad to have our pictures taken as unflattering as they could.
"It's alright," James said, throwing a glance at the license in my hand. He was driving. We were in his car and on our way to school for the football match.
Today was our school's second match of the season. The football season had started two weeks ago and our team had lost the first match. Boys were good but unfortunately sudden departure of James from the team had hit them. Our opponent had been Pinewood Academy, Jenkins's long time nemesis. James was our best tackle, so compensating for his absence in a short time was a difficult work. Coach Martin had to come up with new plays in less than a week, and as expected they didn't hold against them.
Three weeks had passed since the incident at carnival. James had recuperated well, but he was advised against exerting himself too much to not hinder the complete healing. So he had to skip the football championship. I was disheartened for him as it was our last year of high school and his last event to play with his mates. Even if James didn't want to pursue football as a career, I knew he enjoyed playing it. However, he had insisted it wasn't a big deal. He told me he wouldn't be done with football after high school, he might take it as a side hobby to keep himself fit.
"This picture really dampened my excitement of getting the driver's license," I said, shoving the license back into my purse. I had passed the driving test five days back and then got the license delivered to our house today. Finally, I was a legal driver. Yeaah! But big boo for the photo.
"Don't let that badly taken 2-D photo sour your mood. You're beautiful." James smirked, his hand moving from gear to my thigh. His long fingers moved my dress up slightly and grazed my exposed skin, giving me pleasant tingles.
I blushed and swatted his indulgent hand away. "I know I am." I threw my hair back exaggeratedly and watched him grin.
James and I had started dating and I couldn't be happier. Things between us were moving forward. Unlike me, James never shied away from initiating intimate touches and caresses which left me flustered. His hands always found their way on my body whenever we were close. At first, I was hesitant in fear of him feeling the extra flab on my body and be disgusted. His actions of the past and my insecurities weren't completely wiped out, they still lurked in some corners of my mind. But his persistence and also the regard for my boundaries helped me overcome many hurdles.
Now, I was learning to get comfortable in my skin and let my boyfriend have its fair share too. The experience was liberating and little scary as well.
"You look really good too," I complimented James. He always looks good.
I was donning my knee-length summer dress and matched it with a peach cardigan that I had bought with the girls. James was in brown-checked sweater and dark jeans. He looked breathtaking as always.
"I know, Kitten." He pressed his lips to stifle the laugh when I glared at him.
"Stop calling me that!"
"It suits you." James shrugged. He had called me kitten few days back as a joke. My reaction to this cringey nickname had egged him on to tease me with it.
"No it does not." I huffed, color on my face returning. If I thought his ministrations to mess with me were ever going to stop, I was so wrong. The man loved to pull on my nerves one way or another. "You cannot just stop calling me names, can you? First Piggy and now this." I shook my head."You know what, I'll take Piggy over Kitten any day."
James burst out laughing. "Piggy. What was I even thinking?"
"Kitten. What are you thinking now?!"
"You sort of look like kitten. All cute and ready to purr under my strokes." This guy!
I was redder than a firetruck. "Stop it or I'll break up with you," I threatened, though we both knew I wasn't serious.
"Okay, okay. I'm sorry." His hand came back to hold mine. He hooked our fingers together, brought the back of my hand to his lips and kissed it sweetly. "You won't be breaking up with me. Ever," he said with a smile, but we both knew he was serious. Was it wrong that I adored his possessiveness?
"Then don't call me kitten." I almost pouted.
"Okay, Ki-" he smirked as my eyes narrowed. "Keily."
I couldn't keep my face straight for long and chuckled. "You're such an asshole."
"So you are allowed to call me asshole, but I'm not allowed to give you pet names."
"If kitten is the best you can come up with, then you're not."
"I see. My girlfriend wants me to be more creative."
"Or maybe she's just satisfied with you calling her Keily, her good name," I countered.
His lips pressed in thin line as if thinking something. "How about I call you My Keily? Because you, Keily Harris, are all mine."
My Keily. It was probably cheesier and cornier than kitten, it didn't even have a rhythm, but damn it if I didn't melt at the spot. I'm going crazy.
"So original," I taunted, my grin showing otherwise that how much I loved it.
He looked at me, pleased at my reaction. "Thanks, My Keily." He gave me his beautiful smile in return before turning back to road.
If there was some part of me that was still left unhealed, it wouldn't stay like that for long. James was surely on the right track to mend us. He made me felt desired, wanted, and most of all loved. My journey to love myself became lot easier.
And as for the man himself, he already had my heart.
*******
I was sitting on bleachers right next to Lola. Matt was on her other side with his arm resting on her shoulders. Other seat beside me was empty, waiting to be taken by my boyfriend. The match was about to start.
Today our rivals were once again Westview High. Stakes were high this time. If our school lost we'd be kicked out of the season. Westview wasn't going to give us an easy win. They had already lost one match against our team, so this time they were surely going to push harder. Our team had to give their very best too.
The cheerleaders had just finished their performance and once again I was enthralled by their flexibility and grace. I really liked seeing my friends perform out there. Addison and Sadhvi were so cool.
My eyes slid to James at the benches where players were huddled. He was standing with Lucas, Coach and another one of his teammates and talking with them. He had gone there to wish his team goodluck. James might've tried to play cool but he was just as nervous about the game as his teammates, even though he wasn't playing.
He had also spent almost whole day talking to Lucas on phone. Lucas was very anxious of today's game because scouts were coming to see him play. I watched how James was so patient and understanding with him.
I was learning under all that intimidating roughness, James was a sweet guy. Sure he had his moments of arrogance and brattiness, which correctly got him labelled as sourpuss, but once you got past that you could see why his friends stuck with him. Why I stuck with him. He was protective, caring and surprisingly sensible of the people he deemed as his.
"Look, who's here," Lola said, making my gaze shift away from James. She was looking at couple of rows above us to a small crowd of unfamiliar faces. However, there was one face I recognized. Myra. "Is she here to cheer for Lucas or her school?"
"Maybe both. Or none." I chuckled. "I hope Lucas and her just bury the hatchet and either get back together or move on."
"Not everyone is like you and James," Lola commented, "both Lucas and Myra are stubborn. Neither of them is going to give in easily."
"But anyone can see they are so much into each other."
"Now you understand my frustration when I looked at you and James," Lola said, smirking.
I groaned, blush coating my cheeks. "Don't remind me."
"I kind of had the feeling too that there was something going on between you and James," Matt added, darkening my blush. Were we both that obvious?!
Myra found us looking at her. I smiled and waved and she waved back. We had rough first interactions, but there was no need for hostility. We had added each other on Instagram and also chatted a few times. We weren't close but till now she had been nice.
"You two are friends?" Lola asked, surprised.
I shrugged. "We talked online. She's cool."
"Who's cool?" James asked, settling on his seat. His arm came to wrap around my waist and he kissed me on my cheek. My face flushed again at his open display of our affection. I couldn't say I didn't like it, but it sure was taking me time to get used to it. Like I said, he was very blatant. And shameless.
"Myra," I answered. "She's here." I pointed my chin at her.
He scoffed. "No wonder Lucas looked so happy."
"I hope they end their fight soon," I said, highly aware of James's cold fingers slipping inside my cardigan. "Maybe you can nudge Lucas to make up with her. Myra is angry with him but she still wants him." I tried to keep my face straight as his thumb gently stroked my waist, giving me goosebumps.
"I guess I'll give it a try. I don't want him third-wheeling with us anyway. He can be pain in the ass."
"You're such a horrible friend." I shook my head, chuckling. I knew he was joking but not entirely. Since we started dating, Lucas deliberately found ways to insert himself with us to annoy James. Sometimes it annoyed me too, but most of the times it was amusing to see Lucas pushing James's buttons. Lucas told me once this was his way of punishing James for all the times he had been an ass to me. But I suspected it was mostly for his own enjoyment.
James shrugged and pulled me closer. "Guy is lucky that I'm not beating his ass for trying to flirt with you in front of me."
"Maybe he wants to keep the spice in your relationship alive," Lola chimed and Matt laughed. I thought they weren't listening to us.
"I don't need him to spice our relationship. I am capable of that myself," James stated, his hand under my cardigan sliding upward.
My breath hitched and body heated when his fingers almost reached my... breast. I looked at James to find an evil smirk lifting his face as he stared ahead. I waited for his hand to move up and cop the feeling of my boobs, but it didn't. His fingers remained plastered just below my breast, tapping lightly as though waiting for my patience to snap.
"Good for you then. Let Lucas get that memo," Matt added.
James hummed. Lola and Matt got busy in their conversation, completely unaware of my current predicament that the devil beside me caused and enjoyed.
"So tell me, what spices you like girlfriend?" James whispered in my ear and I shivered as his breath hit the soft spot on my neck.
My brows knitted to glare at him. He was so taking pleasure in keeping me all hot and bothered. He was loving it. "Ones that burn you too."
He grinned and I was gone. He leaned down and kissed me hard, not bothered by the people surrounding us. I couldn't deny myself either from getting the taste of him or the thrill that every one of his kiss gave me. I kissed him back harder.
"Just looking at you burns me, My Keily," he said cheekily after we pulled away, gasping. His eyes lit me up as they stared back possessively.
I was more hot and bothered now. His kiss only managed to heat me up hundredfolds. He is a devil, who tempts me so good.
"The match has started," Matt said, popping the bubble where only James and I existed. "You guys done," he teased us. I turned beet red realizing our friends just witnessed our heavy make out.
It shouldn't take me long to get used to our PDA because maybe I am as shameless as James.
"Shut up," James grunted.
The match had started several minutes ago. Our school was taking the first offence. I watched our team play, Lucas play, and wishing for him to get scouted to best college. But my attention was only half on the field. Rest was on the man sitting next to me and his hand on my body that excited and calmed me at the same time.
I found James cursing loudly and cheering silently more interesting than the match itself. I felt his grip tightening on me each time one of our players closed the distance to the touchdown. His eyes brightened whenever we scored and dimmed when our opponents did. He was so interesting to watch. So beautiful.
I am so turned on.
********
Chapter 34:

We won. Our team won the match. It wasn't an easy win. Westview's team was good, really good, but our players gave it all and took the win by a scratch. Throughout the game everybody was on the edge of their seat, and when our player scored the final field goal, the audience erupted out in loud cheers.
Lucas was superb tonight. His training and dedication toward the game showed the way he carried the team as a captain. I was certain he had impressed the scouts and bagged the sports scholarship to college.
"This one is good," Sadhvi said, looking at her cellphone. We had just finished clicking selfies and photos as demanded by her. It was a ritual for her to post online after every win. She wasn't the only one though, almost everyone around us was taking pictures with players or cheerleaders.
When the match finished Matt, Lola, James and I went down to where players and cheerleaders were celebrating. Right now James and Matt were with the team at the benches, whereas Lola and I were with Addison, Sadhvi and other cheerleaders.
"I'm so down to have a good bash," Addison chirped, her arms resting on Sadhvi and me. "Man, if only Coach didn't have our asses for partying."
"You guys are leaving tomorrow night for another match," Lola admonished her. "Rest tonight. And Slow down with the parties, we don't want you two to ruin your livers." She looked at Addison and Sadhvi.
I chuckled when Sadhvi pouted.
"I'll make Keily throw me a party at James's house with lots and lots and lots of expensive alcohol." Addison stuck her tongue out at Lola before blinking her eyes at me. "You will do it, right?"
I shook my head. "I don't own James's house, nor his money to make him spend it on alcohol that'll give my cousin a bad liver." I grinned at her deadpan expression as she let go of me feeling betrayed. Lola snickered too.
"But you own his heart missy," my cousin said and looked past me. "The way he is giving you gooey eyes he'll jump off the cliff if you ask him to."
My cheeks reddened as I followed her gaze. James was looking at us, at me, as he conversed with his teammates. It was funny how earlier I had wanted to disappear from his sight, but now I relished at the attention he gave me. He wasn't the only one though. My eyes had clashed with his dark ones many times in just a short span of me being with the girls here.
"How far my kids have come." Addison sighed.
I tore my gaze away from James to raise my brows at her. "Your kids? From what I remember you were the one who was most against us being together."
"Rightfully so," she stated, "but opinions change. And most of all James changed."
"I can't argue that." I wouldn't have been in favor of me dating James too if he had continued with his wrong behavior.
"So make him throw the party and buy me booze."
I giggled, shaking my head. "We'll see once you win your tracks and guys bring us that trophy."
"I am not worried about Addison," Sadhvi said. "But it'll be pretty hard for our football team to win this season without James. He and Lucas are our best players. With one gone it'll be a tough win."
"Then we won't win. Big deal." Lola shrugged. "It's just high school."
I nodded. Winning was good, but ultimately it was the enjoyment of the game that mattered. "And as for the celebratory parties, I'm sure you guys will find some another reason to have them." I nudged Addison.
An arm snaked around my shoulders and familiar scent surrounded me. "Ready to go home?" James asked. Lucas, Matt, Keith and Axel were also here.
I smiled at him and nodded.
"Not before I have my winning kiss Keily," Lucas chirped and stepped forward.
James pulled me into himself and glared at Lucas. "She's my girlfriend jackass," he growled and looked above at bleachers. "Yours is up there. Ask her for a kiss. Stay away from my girl."
Lucas's cheeks tinted as he too looked at Myra who was talking with her schoolmates. He turned back. "Keily, you should find another guy," he told me and pointed at James, "this one's a sourpuss and gets jealous easily. He's also a very high maintenance diva, I'm not sure you can handle all that."
I chuckled at our quarterback trying to get back at his friend. "Your words are taken, but I'll keep him for now."
James frowned.
"It's not like you can return him easily," Addison joined in, "the prince bled for you, now he expects nothing less than your allegiance for life." She was referring to the incident at carnival. For the first few days, everyone was very concerned about James and me and they visited us regularly. Now, our tragedy had become a sort of joke in our friends circle, and James and I were fine with it. Laughing about it took away the trauma.
Everyone laughed except James whose frown deepened. I stood on my tiptoes and pecked his cheek to ease him. My face colored as our friends oohed and aahed to tease me. God, I hate them.
"We're leaving," James announced annoyed. I congratulated Lucas before my boyfriend dragged me away.
********
[Mature content]
"The guy who replaced you was really good too," I rambled as James and I walked to his car in the parking lot. Our hands were clasped together. "What was his name?"
"Mark," came James's gruff reply. His black Chevy Camaro was few steps away.
"Yeah, Mark played really well. I think our team has a good shot this season. Everyone is working hard. Maybe we can beat Pinewood Academy next time. Last match you guys were unprepared, but now with good plays-" I yelped when I was suddenly pinned against the Camaro's door by a strong grip on my waist.
"James, what are you doing?" I glared at the smirking culprit.
"I know you were watching me the whole evening," he said, his voice heavy. He leaned down and our noses brushed. My heart raced and my stomach buzzed with butterflies.
"So?" I asked, breathless. His closeness and fiery gaze wasn't helping me to calm down the neediness I was feeling for him tonight. And this devil caught on to that.
"So-" he dropped a small kiss on my lips, not letting me delve deeper, "your starry eyes makes it hard for me to let you go tonight. I want to take you home." Another kiss. "Take you to my bed." His eyes raked my face and brightened at whatever they saw. "Do you want to come with me?" He smiled. He. Smiled.
I was already in, there was no need to use my weakness against me. This guy is shameless.
I nodded, captivated by his wiles. A long, hard, breath-stealing kiss was my reward, pushing me more into James-induced haze.
James opened the door for me and even did my seat belt before speed-walking to the driver's. He was eager. He pulled out of the parking lot and we were on the road. On the way to his home, I tried making small talks about today's match, but it was clear none of us was interested in that. We were so interested in something else and couldn't stop ourselves from smiling at the thought of it.
I texted Addison to cover for me tonight and was replied with a wink and thirsty emoji. I didn't like lying to my parents, but sure as hell wasn't ready to have that awkward conversation. They both liked James and were approving of our relationship, however, sex was a whole different dimension to cover, at least for Dad. They would know eventually.
We were out of the car as soon as James's car reached his house garage. James wrapped his fingers around my wrist and started dragging me through his house. He was walking too fast and my short legs barely kept up with his long strides. I didn't know why, but my panty dripped at his impatience.
"Ahh." I stumbled at the staircase because of the mismatch of our steps. James looked back at me, and before I knew my world turned upside down and I was hanging off his shoulder like a big sack. "James!" I shrieked, holding on to the back of his shirt and hair. "James, put me down! Right now!" I yelled but the idiot didn't listen and climbed the stairs with me hanging on top of him. "You'll hurt yourself! Put me down! You're still healing."
"Shh, I'm fine so don't scream," he reprimanded me as though I was the one being unruly here.
"Why not scream?" My eyes widened as I thought further. "Wait, are your parents home?" I asked, dread filling me. His mother had night shift at hospital on Fridays and his dad was most of the times out on weekends for the trip to their company's another branch in Hemingway city. But this didn't guarantee they couldn't be at home on Fridays.
"No, they are not home. I just want you to save your screams for the real action."
My body heated head to toe at his brazen remark. "You- you- ugh- you have no shame," I spluttered pathetically, staring at his moving feet.
"And you have enough for both of us." I just knew he was smirking.
"I can walk-" A loud smack echoed and a second later my butt burned. "Did you just spank me?"
"Yes," he answered simply as his hand came back to massage my butt over my dress. My panty was a mess by now. "It's one of the things I always wanted to do to you. Do you have any objection?" His tone was teasing, but I knew he was giving me an out.
"Perv," I muttered, but didn't stop him. I guessed I liked getting spanked by his big hand. Another smack landed on my other cheek making me yelp.
"What did you say?"
"James," I whined and he chuckled rubbing my sore spot as an apology. I was still having a hard time believing that James Haynes, my former nemesis, was fondling my butt.
We reached his bedroom and he dropped me on his springy bed. My shoes fell on the floor. Our eyes met and I gulped. The hungry look he was giving me made me want to run away and have him at the same time. I backed away on the bed and he grinned, watching me like a caught prey. He enjoyed the sight of me laid out on his bed and at his mercy.
"Tonight I'll make you mine in all the ways Keily," James said and took off his sweater.
I couldn't look away from his naked torso. He was all defined lines and muscles underneath. He had abs and the v-line to die for. On his side I found the scar that he had taken three weeks ago and it didn't hamper his beauty one bit, only added to it. He looked perfect.
He's perfect.
But I am not. The self-deprecating thoughts reared their ugly heads after so many days and at the worst of times. No no no, don't ruin it Keily. I thought I was over them. I had to be.
He loves you.
But what if he doesn't after he sees all of you. Every gross flab and extra fat on your body. Your stretch marks on your pudgy belly. Will he still want you?
The bed dipped and James was on top of me. "I am never letting you go." He kissed me, pulling down my cardigan off my shoulders.  His lips moved down to my neck and bit me, making me whimper. He cursed and continued to my shoulder, wetting and biting me all the way and most likely leaving marks. I was a red whimpering mess under him.
I didn't realize when my cardigan was off me, leaving me in my summer dress. When his fingers slid down to my thigh and pushed my dress up, all the negativity came crashing down. I shoved his hand away and pushed him off, gasping for air.
"What is it?" James asked, still hovering above me. Lust was yet to clear from his eyes.
"I am a virgin," I blurted out without thinking.
His gaze softened and he smiled. "We've discussed this before." Yeah, we did few days back when we were recounting our previous relationships. He had two, I had none. "I'm sorry for jumping on you like that. It was selfish. I'll take it slow. Tell me immediately if you don't like anything." His fingers grazed my calf lightly, making the goosebumps crawl all over my skin.
When James leaned down I pushed him again. "I'm sorry."
"You don't want to do it." He really tried to hide his disappointment.
I shook my head. "I want to, but I'm scared."
"Scared of what?"
"I've never done this. Nobody has ever seen me naked." At least not since I grew up. I blinked my eyes to clear the tears, I didn't want us crying right now. "You're perfect. I'm not." I looked down. "I'm so sorry for dragging you down with my baggage. You shouldn't have to deal with my problems and insecurities."
"Too late for that baby," he said, "you're now mine, along with all the baggage that you carry. I might not have a best way of showing it but I knew you are for me since the moment I laid eyes on you. Your mind, your face and your body are for me.
"I don't know how much I contributed to those nagging thoughts that pull you down, but if you let me I'll show you how fucking much I craved you while bullshiting with you. I crave you so much now."
"Stop blaming yourself James. What I feel is the product of years of my big and small experiences. Your month of stupid taunts and bullying aren't comparable to them."
"Then believe me and let me show you how beautiful you are."
I looked at the sincerity in his eyes and nodded. He pressed a kiss on my lips as his hands moved to my backside and unzipped my dress. I was so close to push him off again, but before I knew the whole dress was off my body. He's fast.
James pinned my hands over my head with his one hand when they instinctively came to shield myself from his ravenous eyes. There was no sign of disgust, only wanton lust on his face. Not long after my bra was off. Oh god! I feared for my life with the way my whole body turned red under his scorching gaze.
James tsked, his finger drawing circles over my heaving breasts. "Stupid girl, you are ashamed of this?" I whimpered as he pinched my nipple. "Well, it's time you learned not to be."
His dark eyes met mine and I nodded and that was enough for him to let go the restraint.
He showed me again and again how beautiful I was all night. By the time we were finished, I was sore, my muscles aching and every part of me branded as his by purple bite marks. He couldn't keep his promise of taking it slow and I didn't want him to.
Despite all the bodily pain, there was contentment in my chest as I laid in his arms. There was so much happiness.
I was beautiful. And whenever I forgot that, my man would be there to remind me. Mission was to never forget that.
"I love you," James said, stroking my rosy cheeks.
"I love you." I smiled... I love him so much.
****The End****



